SUBJECT_ID,HADM_ID,ICUSTAY_ID,ELEMID,CHARTTIME,REALTIME,CGID,CORRECTION,CUID,CATEGORY,TITLE,TEXT,EXAM_NAME,PATIENT_INFO
14905,11655,,,2932-03-05 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"DISCHARGE_SUMMARY",,"

Admission Date:  [**2932-3-5**]     Discharge Date:  [**2932-3-11**]

Date of Birth:   [**2852-8-18**]     Sex:  M

Service:  MICU

HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  This is a 79 year old with
multiple medical problems including AFib on Coumadin status
post AICD, CRI, type 2 diabetes mellitus, CHF, who presents
from outside hospital following discovery of subarachnoid
hemorrhage after a fall.  Yesterday the patient had a
mechanical fall at home, specifics unclear.  EMS was called,
but the patient refused to go to the hospital.  There was
loss of consciousness for unclear duration and head trauma.

In the morning the patient did not feel well and went to
[**Hospital **] [**Hospital 553**] Hospital.  A head CT showed three separate
areas of hemorrhage in the midline above ventricle, two above
the falx, and surrounding edema left greater than right mass
effect, no shift or fluid collections.  Chest x-ray at
outside hospital also showed a patchy right upper lobe
infiltrate and elevated right diaphragm with mild vascular
congestion.

Patient denied cough, shortness of breath, fevers, chills,
sweats, chest pain, abdominal pain.

PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:
1. AFib on Coumadin status post ICD.
2. CRI.
3. Type 2 diabetes.
4. CHF.
5. Hypertension.

ALLERGIES:  Penicillin.

MEDICATIONS:
1. Lisinopril.
2. Digoxin.
3. Allopurinol.
4. Lasix.
5. Sotalol.
6. Detrol.
7. Paxil.
8. Coumadin.
9. Kayexalate.
10. Colchicine.
11. Glyburide.

PHYSICAL EXAM:  Temperature 96.7, pulse 79, blood pressure
113/96, respirations 16, and O2 saturation 93% on room air,
and 97% on 3 liters.  In general, in neck brace.  Oriented to
person, not place or year.  Neurologic:  Pupils 4 mm to 2 mm
reactive to light and accommodation.  EOMI.  Face with right
droop at rest, symmetric with smile.  Tongue symmetric.
Sensation intact.  Normal palatal elevation.  No pronator
drift, but difficult to assess.  Hand grips [**5-21**] and
symmetric.  Able to wiggle toes.  Bilateral Babinski.  Neck:
Unable to assess JVP in collar.  Lungs clear anteriorly and
laterally.  Cardiovascular:  Irregularly, irregular, 3/6
systolic ejection murmur at the left sternal border and left
upper sternal border.  Abdomen:  Bowel sounds present, mild
right upper quadrant tenderness.  Liver edge palpable 3 cm
below costal margin with no guarding or rebound.

LABORATORIES:  Were significant for a white count of 7.3 with
76 polys, hematocrit of 44.5, and platelets of 116,
creatinine is 2.1, INR of 2.4.

HOSPITAL COURSE:  After admission, patient underwent q1h
neuro checks.  Initially was started on Levaquin for right
upper lobe pneumonia that was seen at the outside hospital,
but this was stopped after there was no infiltrates seen.
Patient was given FFP and vitamin K.  A right upper quadrant
ultrasound which was evaluated secondary to
hyperbilirubinemia and thrombocytopenia was normal.  However,
there was a 7 cm AAA.  Neurosurgery was consulted, and took
patient to angiogram to rule out a sinus thrombosis.  This
was not seen, but patient developed acute renal failure post
angiogram.  Patient also spiked a temperature while in the
ICU with gram-positive cocci in clusters in the sputum.

The patient also continued with the C spine as Neurosurgery
did not clear it secondary to ossified fracture of
longitudinal ligament at C2, C3 with grade I anterolisthesis.
Patient continued to do poorly, and there was no plan to take
the patient to the operating room.  He was planning to be
called out to the floor, but instead of transferred from the
West MICU to the East MICU.

When he arrived to the East MICU, patient was noted to have
paradoxical breathing with bloody sputum production, and was
mostly unresponsive.  An ABG was done, which demonstrated
7.43, 44, 117.  Family was notified that the patient was
doing poorly.

At 2 a.m. on [**2932-3-11**], the patient acutely became tachypneic
and tachycardic, and then hypotensive.  He was suctioned for
a very large amount of secretions.  It was thought he may
have aspirated.  IV fluid bolus was given without effect, and
the patient quickly became pulseless, and then apneic with
only occasional agonal breathing.  This quickly decreased to
a respiratory rate of 0.  Patient had an AICD and pacer, and
this continued to discharge even after patient became
pulseless.  A magnet was obtained so that the AICD would not
fire.

Patient on exam was without pulse.  On auscultation, no heart
or lung sounds were heard for two minutes.  Pupils were fixed
and dilated.  Time of death was 2:20 a.m. on [**2932-3-11**].  Family and attending were notified.



                DR.[**Last Name (STitle) **],[**First Name3 (LF) **] 12-ACV

Dictated By:[**Last Name (NamePattern1) 9197**]

MEDQUIST36

D:  [**2932-5-20**]  14:53
T:  [**2932-5-22**]  08:09
JOB#:  [**Job Number 11377**]
Signed electronically by: DR. [**First Name8 (NamePattern2) **] [**Name (STitle) **]
 on: [**Doctor First Name 123**] [**2932-8-21**] 10:10 AM
(End of Report)


",,
14905,11655,18522,,2932-03-06 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2932-3-6**] 12:04 PM
     CHEST (PORTABLE AP)                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13303**]
     Reason: ?infiltrate                                                 
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      79 year old man with ?pna diagnosed at OSH, but no clinical signs.              
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      ?infiltrate                                                                     
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     HISTORY:  Questionable pneumonia on prior chest x-ray.
     
     AP SUPINE CHEST:  There are no prior studies at this institution for
     comparison.  There is cardiomegaly and perivascular haziness.  There is no
     interstitial or alveolar edema.  A single pacer electrode is identified within
     the right ventricle.  There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal
     infiltrates.
     
     IMPRESSION:  No radiographic evidence of pneumonia or cardiac failure.
     Cardiomegaly.

",,
14905,11655,18522,,2932-03-06 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2932-3-6**] 10:22 PM
     CT CHEST W/O CONTRAST                                           Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13308**]
     Reason: evaluate RUL mass on chest CT                               
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      79 year old man with RUL mass on chest CT                                       
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      evaluate RUL mass on chest CT                                                   
     CONTRAINDICATIONS for IV CONTRAST:
      renal failure
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     HISTORY:  79 year old with upper lobe mass.
     
     TECHNIQUE:  Multiple helically acquired axial images are obtained from the
     chest without the administration of intravenous contrast.
     
     Comparisons:  Chest x-ray [**2932-3-6**]
     
     CT OF THE CHEST WITHOUT IV CONTRAST:  There is paracentral emphysema. In the
     lateral segment of the right middle lobe, there is a small non-calcified
     nodule. In addition, in the left lung base in the periphery, there is a
     possible nodule versus a vessel. There are bilateral calcified and non-
     calcified pleural plaques. There is no mass or consolidation in the right
     upper lung. The airways have a large amount of secretions in the trachea.
     There is bilateral atelectasis.
     
     The heart is enlarged and has coronary artery calcifications. There are
     multiple small mediastinal lymph nodes but none of them are large enough to
     meet CT criteria for pathologic involvement. There is no significant axillary
     or hilar lymph adenopathy. There is no pericardial effusion. The right
     diaphragm is elevated.
     
     Patient is status-post cholecystectomy. There is a small hiatal hernia. There
     are vascular calcifications in the visualized portion of the upper abdomen.
     There is also a small amount of ascites.
     
     On bone windows, there are no suspicious lesions. There are degenerative
     changes.
     
     IMPRESSION:
     1) Emphysema.
     2) Bilateral calcified and non-calcified pleural plaques indicating asbestos
     exposure.
     3) Right middle lobe nodule and possible left lower lobe nodule. Follow-up CT
     is recommended in 3 months to assess stability.
     4) There is no right upper lobe mass.
     
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**2932-3-6**] 10:22 PM
     CT CHEST W/O CONTRAST                                           Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13308**]
     Reason: evaluate RUL mass on chest CT                               
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)

",,
14905,11655,18522,,2932-03-06 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2932-3-6**] 2:53 PM
     CT C-SPINE W/O CONTRAST; CT RECONSTRUCTION                      Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13307**]
     Reason: S/P FALL HEAD TRAUMA R/O FX
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      79 year old man s/p fall and head trauma                                        
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      r/o fracture                                                                    
     CONTRAINDICATIONS for IV CONTRAST:
      renal failure
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     CLINICAL HISTORY: 79-year-old-male s/p fall with head trauma.
     
     TECHNIQUE: Multiple axial images of the cervical spine obtained without IV
     contrast.  In addition, reformatted images in the coronal and sagital planes
     were obtained.
     
     CT CERVICAL SPINE:
     
     FINDINGS: There is no prevertebral soft tissue swelling.   There is extensive
     degenerative changes in the cervical spine consisting of anterior osteophytes
     and loss of disc space with fusion from C3-C6.  In addition, there is
     ossification of the posterior longitudinal ligament.  There is a fracture of
     the ossified posterior longitudinal ligament from C2-C3 with a Grade I
     anterolisthesis of C2 on C3.  However, there is no disruption of the facets
     and lamina.  There is mucosal thickening of the maxillary sinuses bilaterally.
     The mastoid air cells are clear.
     
     There are emphysematous changes in the lung apices, right greater than left.
     
     No significant cord compression or canal stenosis identified.
     
     IMPRESSION:
     1.  Grade I anterolisthesis of C2 on C3 with a fracture of the ossified
     posterior longitudinal ligament at this level.  There is no prevertebral soft
     tissue swelling, and the acuity of this finding is questionable.  Extension
     and flexion views of the cervical spine are recommended.
     2.  No significant canal stenosis or cord compression identified.
     3.  Degenerative changes as described above.

",,
14905,11655,18522,,2932-03-06 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2932-3-6**] 2:53 PM
     CT C-SPINE W/O CONTRAST; CT RECONSTRUCTION                      Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13307**]
     Reason: S/P FALL HEAD TRAUMA R/O FX
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      79 year old man s/p fall and head trauma                                        
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      r/o fracture                                                                    
     CONTRAINDICATIONS for IV CONTRAST:
      renal failure
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     CLINICAL HISTORY: 79-year-old-male s/p fall with head trauma.
     
     TECHNIQUE: Multiple axial images of the cervical spine obtained without IV
     contrast.  In addition, reformatted images in the coronal and sagital planes
     were obtained.
     
     CT CERVICAL SPINE:
     
     FINDINGS: There is no prevertebral soft tissue swelling.   There is extensive
     degenerative changes in the cervical spine consisting of anterior osteophytes
     and loss of disc space with fusion from C3-C6.  In addition, there is
     ossification of the posterior longitudinal ligament.  There is a fracture of
     the ossified posterior longitudinal ligament from C2-C3 with a Grade I
     anterolisthesis of C2 on C3.  However, there is no disruption of the facets
     and lamina.  There is mucosal thickening of the maxillary sinuses bilaterally.
     The mastoid air cells are clear.
     
     There are emphysematous changes in the lung apices, right greater than left.
     
     No significant cord compression or canal stenosis identified.
     
     IMPRESSION:
     1.  Grade I anterolisthesis of C2 on C3 with a fracture of the ossified
     posterior longitudinal ligament at this level.  There is no prevertebral soft
     tissue swelling, and the acuity of this finding is questionable.  Extension
     and flexion views of the cervical spine are recommended.
     2.  No significant canal stenosis or cord compression identified.
     3.  Degenerative changes as described above.

",,
14905,11655,18522,,2932-03-06 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2932-3-6**] 1:36 PM
     CAROT/CEREB [**Hospital1 5**]                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13304**]
     Reason: HEADACHES
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
      Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 150
     ********************************* CPT Codes ********************************
     * 36216 SEL CATH 2ND ORDER             36216 SEL CATH 2ND ORDER            *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      36215 SEL CATH 1ST ORDER            *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      75680 CAROTID/CEREBRAL BILAT        *
     * 75671 CAROTID/CEREBRAL BILAT         75685 VERT/CAROTID A-GRAM           *
     * 75710 EXT UNILAT A-GRAM              -52 REDUCED SERVICES                *
     * C1769 GUID WIRES INFU/PERF           C1894 INT/SHTH NOT/GUID EP NON-LASER*
     ****************************************************************************
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: Rule out sagittal sinus thrombosis in patient with an
     intracranial hemorrhage consistent with a venous distribution.
     
     POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: Patent superior sagittal sinus and rest of venous
     drainage system with no evidence of intracranial aneurysm or other abnormal
     arteriovenous malformation.
     
     ANESTHESIA: Conscious sedation with local infiltration of the right groin. 
     
     INDICATION: Mr. [**Known patient firstname 2935**] [**Known patient lastname 13305**] is a patient who sustained a fall and was noted
     on CT scan of the head to [**Hospital1 4289**] bilateral frontal hemorrhages. These were
     felt by the radiologist interpreting the study to possibly constitute a venous
     type of hemorrhage and accordingly the patient is undergoing this cerebral
     angiogram to determine patency of the venous system.
     
     CONSENT: The patient's family were given a full and complete explanation of
     the procedure. Specifically, the indications, risks, benefits, and
     alternatives to the procedure were explained in detail. In addition, the
     possible complications, such as the risk of bleeding, infection, stroke,
     neurological deficit or deterioration, groin hematoma, and other unforeseen
     complications, including the risk of coma and even death, were outlined. The
     patient's family understood and wished to proceed with the operation.
     
     PROCEDURE IN DETAIL: The patient was brought into the Endovascular Suite and
     placed on the table in supine position. The right groin area was prepped and
     draped in the usual sterile fashion. A 19-gauge single-wall needle was then
     used to puncture the right common femoral artery, and upon the return of brisk
     arterial blood, a 4 Fr vascular sheath was inserted over a guidewire and kept
     on a heparinized saline drip. Next, a diagnostic catheter was used to
     selectively catheterize the following vessels: right common carotid artery,
     left common carotid artery, left subclavian artery, and left vertebral artery.
     
     RESULTS: Injection of the innominate artery showed no atherosclerotic change
     at the origin of the right common carotid artery or the right subclavian
     artery. Injection of the right common carotid artery showed the presence of
     30% smooth stenosis at the carotid bifurcation. Intracranially injection of
     the right internal carotid artery shows no evidence of intracranial
     atherosclerosis and showed a hypoplastic right A1 segment of the anterior
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**2932-3-6**] 1:36 PM
     CAROT/CEREB [**Hospital1 5**]                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13304**]
     Reason: HEADACHES
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
      Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 150
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     cerebral artery with a fetal-type posterior cerebral artery. Injection of the
     left common carotid artery shows the presence of a 50% focal stenosis of the
     left internal carotid artery approximately 1.5 cm away distal to the cervical
     origin. The rest of the left internal carotid artery was within normal limits.
     Injection of the left common carotid artery also reveals a left internal
     carotid artery to [**Hospital1 4289**] a dominant left A1 segment of the anterior cerebral
     artery which perfuses both anterior cerebral arteries. A2 segment have no ACOM
     aneurysm associated. Examination of the sagittal sinus along its entire course
     showed it to be widely patent with no evidence of unusual constriction. The
     bilateral transverse and sigmoid sinuses are also similarly patent. Injection
     of the left subclavian artery which was performed using [**Initials (NamePattern4) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) 2272**] catheter
     because of tortuosity revealed no atherosclerotic involvement at the origin of
     the left vertebral artery. The left vertebral artery course in the cervical
     segment is within normal limits and intracranially the basilar artery and its
     branches appear to be within normal limits.
     
     IMPRESSION: No evidence of sinus thrombosis and otherwise unremarkable
     angiogram with the presence of a 50% wedge-shaped stenosis at the left
     internal carotid artery.
     
     

",,
14905,11655,18522,,2932-03-06 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2932-3-6**] 1:36 PM
     CAROT/CEREB [**Hospital1 5**]                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13304**]
     Reason: HEADACHES
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
      Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 150
     ********************************* CPT Codes ********************************
     * 36216 SEL CATH 2ND ORDER             36216 SEL CATH 2ND ORDER            *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      36215 SEL CATH 1ST ORDER            *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      75680 CAROTID/CEREBRAL BILAT        *
     * 75671 CAROTID/CEREBRAL BILAT         75685 VERT/CAROTID A-GRAM           *
     * 75710 EXT UNILAT A-GRAM              -52 REDUCED SERVICES                *
     * C1769 GUID WIRES INFU/PERF           C1894 INT/SHTH NOT/GUID EP NON-LASER*
     ****************************************************************************
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: Rule out sagittal sinus thrombosis in patient with an
     intracranial hemorrhage consistent with a venous distribution.
     
     POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: Patent superior sagittal sinus and rest of venous
     drainage system with no evidence of intracranial aneurysm or other abnormal
     arteriovenous malformation.
     
     ANESTHESIA: Conscious sedation with local infiltration of the right groin. 
     
     INDICATION: Mr. [**Known patient firstname 2935**] [**Known patient lastname 13305**] is a patient who sustained a fall and was noted
     on CT scan of the head to [**Hospital1 4289**] bilateral frontal hemorrhages. These were
     felt by the radiologist interpreting the study to possibly constitute a venous
     type of hemorrhage and accordingly the patient is undergoing this cerebral
     angiogram to determine patency of the venous system.
     
     CONSENT: The patient's family were given a full and complete explanation of
     the procedure. Specifically, the indications, risks, benefits, and
     alternatives to the procedure were explained in detail. In addition, the
     possible complications, such as the risk of bleeding, infection, stroke,
     neurological deficit or deterioration, groin hematoma, and other unforeseen
     complications, including the risk of coma and even death, were outlined. The
     patient's family understood and wished to proceed with the operation.
     
     PROCEDURE IN DETAIL: The patient was brought into the Endovascular Suite and
     placed on the table in supine position. The right groin area was prepped and
     draped in the usual sterile fashion. A 19-gauge single-wall needle was then
     used to puncture the right common femoral artery, and upon the return of brisk
     arterial blood, a 4 Fr vascular sheath was inserted over a guidewire and kept
     on a heparinized saline drip. Next, a diagnostic catheter was used to
     selectively catheterize the following vessels: right common carotid artery,
     left common carotid artery, left subclavian artery, and left vertebral artery.
     
     RESULTS: Injection of the innominate artery showed no atherosclerotic change
     at the origin of the right common carotid artery or the right subclavian
     artery. Injection of the right common carotid artery showed the presence of
     30% smooth stenosis at the carotid bifurcation. Intracranially injection of
     the right internal carotid artery shows no evidence of intracranial
     atherosclerosis and showed a hypoplastic right A1 segment of the anterior
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**2932-3-6**] 1:36 PM
     CAROT/CEREB [**Hospital1 5**]                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13304**]
     Reason: HEADACHES
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
      Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 150
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     cerebral artery with a fetal-type posterior cerebral artery. Injection of the
     left common carotid artery shows the presence of a 50% focal stenosis of the
     left internal carotid artery approximately 1.5 cm away distal to the cervical
     origin. The rest of the left internal carotid artery was within normal limits.
     Injection of the left common carotid artery also reveals a left internal
     carotid artery to [**Hospital1 4289**] a dominant left A1 segment of the anterior cerebral
     artery which perfuses both anterior cerebral arteries. A2 segment have no ACOM
     aneurysm associated. Examination of the sagittal sinus along its entire course
     showed it to be widely patent with no evidence of unusual constriction. The
     bilateral transverse and sigmoid sinuses are also similarly patent. Injection
     of the left subclavian artery which was performed using [**Initials (NamePattern4) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) 2272**] catheter
     because of tortuosity revealed no atherosclerotic involvement at the origin of
     the left vertebral artery. The left vertebral artery course in the cervical
     segment is within normal limits and intracranially the basilar artery and its
     branches appear to be within normal limits.
     
     IMPRESSION: No evidence of sinus thrombosis and otherwise unremarkable
     angiogram with the presence of a 50% wedge-shaped stenosis at the left
     internal carotid artery.
     
     

",,
14905,11655,18522,,2932-03-06 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2932-3-6**] 1:36 PM
     CAROT/CEREB [**Hospital1 5**]                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13304**]
     Reason: HEADACHES
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
      Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 150
     ********************************* CPT Codes ********************************
     * 36216 SEL CATH 2ND ORDER             36216 SEL CATH 2ND ORDER            *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      36215 SEL CATH 1ST ORDER            *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      75680 CAROTID/CEREBRAL BILAT        *
     * 75671 CAROTID/CEREBRAL BILAT         75685 VERT/CAROTID A-GRAM           *
     * 75710 EXT UNILAT A-GRAM              -52 REDUCED SERVICES                *
     * C1769 GUID WIRES INFU/PERF           C1894 INT/SHTH NOT/GUID EP NON-LASER*
     ****************************************************************************
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: Rule out sagittal sinus thrombosis in patient with an
     intracranial hemorrhage consistent with a venous distribution.
     
     POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: Patent superior sagittal sinus and rest of venous
     drainage system with no evidence of intracranial aneurysm or other abnormal
     arteriovenous malformation.
     
     ANESTHESIA: Conscious sedation with local infiltration of the right groin. 
     
     INDICATION: Mr. [**Known patient firstname 2935**] [**Known patient lastname 13305**] is a patient who sustained a fall and was noted
     on CT scan of the head to [**Hospital1 4289**] bilateral frontal hemorrhages. These were
     felt by the radiologist interpreting the study to possibly constitute a venous
     type of hemorrhage and accordingly the patient is undergoing this cerebral
     angiogram to determine patency of the venous system.
     
     CONSENT: The patient's family were given a full and complete explanation of
     the procedure. Specifically, the indications, risks, benefits, and
     alternatives to the procedure were explained in detail. In addition, the
     possible complications, such as the risk of bleeding, infection, stroke,
     neurological deficit or deterioration, groin hematoma, and other unforeseen
     complications, including the risk of coma and even death, were outlined. The
     patient's family understood and wished to proceed with the operation.
     
     PROCEDURE IN DETAIL: The patient was brought into the Endovascular Suite and
     placed on the table in supine position. The right groin area was prepped and
     draped in the usual sterile fashion. A 19-gauge single-wall needle was then
     used to puncture the right common femoral artery, and upon the return of brisk
     arterial blood, a 4 Fr vascular sheath was inserted over a guidewire and kept
     on a heparinized saline drip. Next, a diagnostic catheter was used to
     selectively catheterize the following vessels: right common carotid artery,
     left common carotid artery, left subclavian artery, and left vertebral artery.
     
     RESULTS: Injection of the innominate artery showed no atherosclerotic change
     at the origin of the right common carotid artery or the right subclavian
     artery. Injection of the right common carotid artery showed the presence of
     30% smooth stenosis at the carotid bifurcation. Intracranially injection of
     the right internal carotid artery shows no evidence of intracranial
     atherosclerosis and showed a hypoplastic right A1 segment of the anterior
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**2932-3-6**] 1:36 PM
     CAROT/CEREB [**Hospital1 5**]                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13304**]
     Reason: HEADACHES
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
      Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 150
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     cerebral artery with a fetal-type posterior cerebral artery. Injection of the
     left common carotid artery shows the presence of a 50% focal stenosis of the
     left internal carotid artery approximately 1.5 cm away distal to the cervical
     origin. The rest of the left internal carotid artery was within normal limits.
     Injection of the left common carotid artery also reveals a left internal
     carotid artery to [**Hospital1 4289**] a dominant left A1 segment of the anterior cerebral
     artery which perfuses both anterior cerebral arteries. A2 segment have no ACOM
     aneurysm associated. Examination of the sagittal sinus along its entire course
     showed it to be widely patent with no evidence of unusual constriction. The
     bilateral transverse and sigmoid sinuses are also similarly patent. Injection
     of the left subclavian artery which was performed using [**Initials (NamePattern4) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) 2272**] catheter
     because of tortuosity revealed no atherosclerotic involvement at the origin of
     the left vertebral artery. The left vertebral artery course in the cervical
     segment is within normal limits and intracranially the basilar artery and its
     branches appear to be within normal limits.
     
     IMPRESSION: No evidence of sinus thrombosis and otherwise unremarkable
     angiogram with the presence of a 50% wedge-shaped stenosis at the left
     internal carotid artery.
     
     

",,
14905,11655,18522,,2932-03-06 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2932-3-6**] 1:36 PM
     CAROT/CEREB [**Hospital1 5**]                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13304**]
     Reason: HEADACHES
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
      Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 150
     ********************************* CPT Codes ********************************
     * 36216 SEL CATH 2ND ORDER             36216 SEL CATH 2ND ORDER            *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      36215 SEL CATH 1ST ORDER            *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      75680 CAROTID/CEREBRAL BILAT        *
     * 75671 CAROTID/CEREBRAL BILAT         75685 VERT/CAROTID A-GRAM           *
     * 75710 EXT UNILAT A-GRAM              -52 REDUCED SERVICES                *
     * C1769 GUID WIRES INFU/PERF           C1894 INT/SHTH NOT/GUID EP NON-LASER*
     ****************************************************************************
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: Rule out sagittal sinus thrombosis in patient with an
     intracranial hemorrhage consistent with a venous distribution.
     
     POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: Patent superior sagittal sinus and rest of venous
     drainage system with no evidence of intracranial aneurysm or other abnormal
     arteriovenous malformation.
     
     ANESTHESIA: Conscious sedation with local infiltration of the right groin. 
     
     INDICATION: Mr. [**Known patient firstname 2935**] [**Known patient lastname 13305**] is a patient who sustained a fall and was noted
     on CT scan of the head to [**Hospital1 4289**] bilateral frontal hemorrhages. These were
     felt by the radiologist interpreting the study to possibly constitute a venous
     type of hemorrhage and accordingly the patient is undergoing this cerebral
     angiogram to determine patency of the venous system.
     
     CONSENT: The patient's family were given a full and complete explanation of
     the procedure. Specifically, the indications, risks, benefits, and
     alternatives to the procedure were explained in detail. In addition, the
     possible complications, such as the risk of bleeding, infection, stroke,
     neurological deficit or deterioration, groin hematoma, and other unforeseen
     complications, including the risk of coma and even death, were outlined. The
     patient's family understood and wished to proceed with the operation.
     
     PROCEDURE IN DETAIL: The patient was brought into the Endovascular Suite and
     placed on the table in supine position. The right groin area was prepped and
     draped in the usual sterile fashion. A 19-gauge single-wall needle was then
     used to puncture the right common femoral artery, and upon the return of brisk
     arterial blood, a 4 Fr vascular sheath was inserted over a guidewire and kept
     on a heparinized saline drip. Next, a diagnostic catheter was used to
     selectively catheterize the following vessels: right common carotid artery,
     left common carotid artery, left subclavian artery, and left vertebral artery.
     
     RESULTS: Injection of the innominate artery showed no atherosclerotic change
     at the origin of the right common carotid artery or the right subclavian
     artery. Injection of the right common carotid artery showed the presence of
     30% smooth stenosis at the carotid bifurcation. Intracranially injection of
     the right internal carotid artery shows no evidence of intracranial
     atherosclerosis and showed a hypoplastic right A1 segment of the anterior
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**2932-3-6**] 1:36 PM
     CAROT/CEREB [**Hospital1 5**]                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13304**]
     Reason: HEADACHES
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
      Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 150
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     cerebral artery with a fetal-type posterior cerebral artery. Injection of the
     left common carotid artery shows the presence of a 50% focal stenosis of the
     left internal carotid artery approximately 1.5 cm away distal to the cervical
     origin. The rest of the left internal carotid artery was within normal limits.
     Injection of the left common carotid artery also reveals a left internal
     carotid artery to [**Hospital1 4289**] a dominant left A1 segment of the anterior cerebral
     artery which perfuses both anterior cerebral arteries. A2 segment have no ACOM
     aneurysm associated. Examination of the sagittal sinus along its entire course
     showed it to be widely patent with no evidence of unusual constriction. The
     bilateral transverse and sigmoid sinuses are also similarly patent. Injection
     of the left subclavian artery which was performed using [**Initials (NamePattern4) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) 2272**] catheter
     because of tortuosity revealed no atherosclerotic involvement at the origin of
     the left vertebral artery. The left vertebral artery course in the cervical
     segment is within normal limits and intracranially the basilar artery and its
     branches appear to be within normal limits.
     
     IMPRESSION: No evidence of sinus thrombosis and otherwise unremarkable
     angiogram with the presence of a 50% wedge-shaped stenosis at the left
     internal carotid artery.
     
     

",,
14905,11655,18522,,2932-03-06 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2932-3-6**] 1:36 PM
     CAROT/CEREB [**Hospital1 5**]                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13304**]
     Reason: HEADACHES
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
      Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 150
     ********************************* CPT Codes ********************************
     * 36216 SEL CATH 2ND ORDER             36216 SEL CATH 2ND ORDER            *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      36215 SEL CATH 1ST ORDER            *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      75680 CAROTID/CEREBRAL BILAT        *
     * 75671 CAROTID/CEREBRAL BILAT         75685 VERT/CAROTID A-GRAM           *
     * 75710 EXT UNILAT A-GRAM              -52 REDUCED SERVICES                *
     * C1769 GUID WIRES INFU/PERF           C1894 INT/SHTH NOT/GUID EP NON-LASER*
     ****************************************************************************
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: Rule out sagittal sinus thrombosis in patient with an
     intracranial hemorrhage consistent with a venous distribution.
     
     POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: Patent superior sagittal sinus and rest of venous
     drainage system with no evidence of intracranial aneurysm or other abnormal
     arteriovenous malformation.
     
     ANESTHESIA: Conscious sedation with local infiltration of the right groin. 
     
     INDICATION: Mr. [**Known patient firstname 2935**] [**Known patient lastname 13305**] is a patient who sustained a fall and was noted
     on CT scan of the head to [**Hospital1 4289**] bilateral frontal hemorrhages. These were
     felt by the radiologist interpreting the study to possibly constitute a venous
     type of hemorrhage and accordingly the patient is undergoing this cerebral
     angiogram to determine patency of the venous system.
     
     CONSENT: The patient's family were given a full and complete explanation of
     the procedure. Specifically, the indications, risks, benefits, and
     alternatives to the procedure were explained in detail. In addition, the
     possible complications, such as the risk of bleeding, infection, stroke,
     neurological deficit or deterioration, groin hematoma, and other unforeseen
     complications, including the risk of coma and even death, were outlined. The
     patient's family understood and wished to proceed with the operation.
     
     PROCEDURE IN DETAIL: The patient was brought into the Endovascular Suite and
     placed on the table in supine position. The right groin area was prepped and
     draped in the usual sterile fashion. A 19-gauge single-wall needle was then
     used to puncture the right common femoral artery, and upon the return of brisk
     arterial blood, a 4 Fr vascular sheath was inserted over a guidewire and kept
     on a heparinized saline drip. Next, a diagnostic catheter was used to
     selectively catheterize the following vessels: right common carotid artery,
     left common carotid artery, left subclavian artery, and left vertebral artery.
     
     RESULTS: Injection of the innominate artery showed no atherosclerotic change
     at the origin of the right common carotid artery or the right subclavian
     artery. Injection of the right common carotid artery showed the presence of
     30% smooth stenosis at the carotid bifurcation. Intracranially injection of
     the right internal carotid artery shows no evidence of intracranial
     atherosclerosis and showed a hypoplastic right A1 segment of the anterior
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**2932-3-6**] 1:36 PM
     CAROT/CEREB [**Hospital1 5**]                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13304**]
     Reason: HEADACHES
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
      Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 150
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     cerebral artery with a fetal-type posterior cerebral artery. Injection of the
     left common carotid artery shows the presence of a 50% focal stenosis of the
     left internal carotid artery approximately 1.5 cm away distal to the cervical
     origin. The rest of the left internal carotid artery was within normal limits.
     Injection of the left common carotid artery also reveals a left internal
     carotid artery to [**Hospital1 4289**] a dominant left A1 segment of the anterior cerebral
     artery which perfuses both anterior cerebral arteries. A2 segment have no ACOM
     aneurysm associated. Examination of the sagittal sinus along its entire course
     showed it to be widely patent with no evidence of unusual constriction. The
     bilateral transverse and sigmoid sinuses are also similarly patent. Injection
     of the left subclavian artery which was performed using [**Initials (NamePattern4) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) 2272**] catheter
     because of tortuosity revealed no atherosclerotic involvement at the origin of
     the left vertebral artery. The left vertebral artery course in the cervical
     segment is within normal limits and intracranially the basilar artery and its
     branches appear to be within normal limits.
     
     IMPRESSION: No evidence of sinus thrombosis and otherwise unremarkable
     angiogram with the presence of a 50% wedge-shaped stenosis at the left
     internal carotid artery.
     
     

",,
14905,11655,18522,,2932-03-06 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2932-3-6**] 1:36 PM
     CAROT/CEREB [**Hospital1 5**]                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13304**]
     Reason: HEADACHES
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
      Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 150
     ********************************* CPT Codes ********************************
     * 36216 SEL CATH 2ND ORDER             36216 SEL CATH 2ND ORDER            *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      36215 SEL CATH 1ST ORDER            *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      75680 CAROTID/CEREBRAL BILAT        *
     * 75671 CAROTID/CEREBRAL BILAT         75685 VERT/CAROTID A-GRAM           *
     * 75710 EXT UNILAT A-GRAM              -52 REDUCED SERVICES                *
     * C1769 GUID WIRES INFU/PERF           C1894 INT/SHTH NOT/GUID EP NON-LASER*
     ****************************************************************************
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: Rule out sagittal sinus thrombosis in patient with an
     intracranial hemorrhage consistent with a venous distribution.
     
     POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: Patent superior sagittal sinus and rest of venous
     drainage system with no evidence of intracranial aneurysm or other abnormal
     arteriovenous malformation.
     
     ANESTHESIA: Conscious sedation with local infiltration of the right groin. 
     
     INDICATION: Mr. [**Known patient firstname 2935**] [**Known patient lastname 13305**] is a patient who sustained a fall and was noted
     on CT scan of the head to [**Hospital1 4289**] bilateral frontal hemorrhages. These were
     felt by the radiologist interpreting the study to possibly constitute a venous
     type of hemorrhage and accordingly the patient is undergoing this cerebral
     angiogram to determine patency of the venous system.
     
     CONSENT: The patient's family were given a full and complete explanation of
     the procedure. Specifically, the indications, risks, benefits, and
     alternatives to the procedure were explained in detail. In addition, the
     possible complications, such as the risk of bleeding, infection, stroke,
     neurological deficit or deterioration, groin hematoma, and other unforeseen
     complications, including the risk of coma and even death, were outlined. The
     patient's family understood and wished to proceed with the operation.
     
     PROCEDURE IN DETAIL: The patient was brought into the Endovascular Suite and
     placed on the table in supine position. The right groin area was prepped and
     draped in the usual sterile fashion. A 19-gauge single-wall needle was then
     used to puncture the right common femoral artery, and upon the return of brisk
     arterial blood, a 4 Fr vascular sheath was inserted over a guidewire and kept
     on a heparinized saline drip. Next, a diagnostic catheter was used to
     selectively catheterize the following vessels: right common carotid artery,
     left common carotid artery, left subclavian artery, and left vertebral artery.
     
     RESULTS: Injection of the innominate artery showed no atherosclerotic change
     at the origin of the right common carotid artery or the right subclavian
     artery. Injection of the right common carotid artery showed the presence of
     30% smooth stenosis at the carotid bifurcation. Intracranially injection of
     the right internal carotid artery shows no evidence of intracranial
     atherosclerosis and showed a hypoplastic right A1 segment of the anterior
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**2932-3-6**] 1:36 PM
     CAROT/CEREB [**Hospital1 5**]                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13304**]
     Reason: HEADACHES
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
      Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 150
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     cerebral artery with a fetal-type posterior cerebral artery. Injection of the
     left common carotid artery shows the presence of a 50% focal stenosis of the
     left internal carotid artery approximately 1.5 cm away distal to the cervical
     origin. The rest of the left internal carotid artery was within normal limits.
     Injection of the left common carotid artery also reveals a left internal
     carotid artery to [**Hospital1 4289**] a dominant left A1 segment of the anterior cerebral
     artery which perfuses both anterior cerebral arteries. A2 segment have no ACOM
     aneurysm associated. Examination of the sagittal sinus along its entire course
     showed it to be widely patent with no evidence of unusual constriction. The
     bilateral transverse and sigmoid sinuses are also similarly patent. Injection
     of the left subclavian artery which was performed using [**Initials (NamePattern4) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) 2272**] catheter
     because of tortuosity revealed no atherosclerotic involvement at the origin of
     the left vertebral artery. The left vertebral artery course in the cervical
     segment is within normal limits and intracranially the basilar artery and its
     branches appear to be within normal limits.
     
     IMPRESSION: No evidence of sinus thrombosis and otherwise unremarkable
     angiogram with the presence of a 50% wedge-shaped stenosis at the left
     internal carotid artery.
     
     

",,
14905,11655,18522,,2932-03-06 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2932-3-6**] 12:38 AM
     C-SPINE, TRAUMA                                                 Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13301**]
     Reason: r/o fx                                                      
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      79 year old man with fall, ich                                                  
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      r/o fx                                                                          
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     INDICATION: Fall, ICA.  Rule out fracture.
     
     CERVICAL SPINE, THREE VIEWS:  C1 through the mid portion of C7 is demonstrated
     on the lateral view.  Overlying tubing is present.  C7 is better seen on the
     swimmer's view, though T1 is partially obscured.  There is moderately severe
     diffuse osteopenia.  There are moderately severe degenerative changes most
     pronounced at C3 through C6, with disc space narrowing and marginal
     osteophytes.  Visualized vertebral body heights are preserved.  No
     spondylolisthesis is detected.  There is slight asymmetry of lateral masses
     about the dens, with asymmetric narrowing between C1 and C2 lateral masses on
     that view on the odontoid view, likely reflecting degenerative change in a
     patient of this age. 
     
     IMPRESSION:  Limited assessment of T1 and extreme tip of dens.  Otherwise no
     fracture detected.  Osteopenia and degenerative changes.  Carotid artery
     calcifications to left cervical spine.

",,
14905,11655,18522,,2932-03-06 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2932-3-6**] 1:58 PM
     ABDOMEN U.S. (COMPLETE STUDY)                                   Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13306**]
     Reason: evaluate for splenomegaly to explain thrombocytopenia, evalu
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      79 year old man s/p fall, w/ hyperbilirubinemia, thrombocytopenia               
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      evaluate for splenomegaly to explain thrombocytopenia, evaluate RUQ to explain 
      hyperbilirubinemia
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     INDICATION:  Thrombocytopenia and hyperbilirubinemia.
     
     The liver demonstrates normal echogenicity and echotexture.  A simple cyst
     measuring 2.3 cm in greatest dimension is seen within segment V.  There are no
     other focal liver lesions.  The patient is post cholecystectomy.  The CBD
     measures 6 mm.  Both kidneys are somewhat small, the right measuring 9.4 cm
     and the left measuring 8.4 cm.  Cysts are noted in both kidneys.  There is no
     hydronephrosis or stone.  The pancreas is unremarkable.  The spleen is
     enlarged and measures 15 cm.  Ascites is noted in the left upper quadrant
     surrounding the spleen.
     
     Incidental note is made of an abdominal aortic aneurysm measuring 7.5 cm in
     greatest dimension in the proximal/mid abdominal aorta.
     
     IMPRESSION:
     1) Splenomegaly.
     2) Ascites.
     3) Proximal abdominal aortic aneurysm, over 7cm in diameter.
     
     These findings were communicated to Dr. [**First Name (STitle) 1345**] at the conclusion of the study.
     
     
     

",,
14905,11655,18522,,2932-03-06 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2932-3-6**] 1:36 PM
     CAROT/CEREB [**Hospital1 5**]                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13304**]
     Reason: HEADACHES
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
      Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 150
     ********************************* CPT Codes ********************************
     * 36216 SEL CATH 2ND ORDER             36216 SEL CATH 2ND ORDER            *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      36215 SEL CATH 1ST ORDER            *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      75680 CAROTID/CEREBRAL BILAT        *
     * 75671 CAROTID/CEREBRAL BILAT         75685 VERT/CAROTID A-GRAM           *
     * 75710 EXT UNILAT A-GRAM              -52 REDUCED SERVICES                *
     * C1769 GUID WIRES INFU/PERF           C1894 INT/SHTH NOT/GUID EP NON-LASER*
     ****************************************************************************
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: Rule out sagittal sinus thrombosis in patient with an
     intracranial hemorrhage consistent with a venous distribution.
     
     POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: Patent superior sagittal sinus and rest of venous
     drainage system with no evidence of intracranial aneurysm or other abnormal
     arteriovenous malformation.
     
     ANESTHESIA: Conscious sedation with local infiltration of the right groin. 
     
     INDICATION: Mr. [**Known patient firstname 2935**] [**Known patient lastname 13305**] is a patient who sustained a fall and was noted
     on CT scan of the head to [**Hospital1 4289**] bilateral frontal hemorrhages. These were
     felt by the radiologist interpreting the study to possibly constitute a venous
     type of hemorrhage and accordingly the patient is undergoing this cerebral
     angiogram to determine patency of the venous system.
     
     CONSENT: The patient's family were given a full and complete explanation of
     the procedure. Specifically, the indications, risks, benefits, and
     alternatives to the procedure were explained in detail. In addition, the
     possible complications, such as the risk of bleeding, infection, stroke,
     neurological deficit or deterioration, groin hematoma, and other unforeseen
     complications, including the risk of coma and even death, were outlined. The
     patient's family understood and wished to proceed with the operation.
     
     PROCEDURE IN DETAIL: The patient was brought into the Endovascular Suite and
     placed on the table in supine position. The right groin area was prepped and
     draped in the usual sterile fashion. A 19-gauge single-wall needle was then
     used to puncture the right common femoral artery, and upon the return of brisk
     arterial blood, a 4 Fr vascular sheath was inserted over a guidewire and kept
     on a heparinized saline drip. Next, a diagnostic catheter was used to
     selectively catheterize the following vessels: right common carotid artery,
     left common carotid artery, left subclavian artery, and left vertebral artery.
     
     RESULTS: Injection of the innominate artery showed no atherosclerotic change
     at the origin of the right common carotid artery or the right subclavian
     artery. Injection of the right common carotid artery showed the presence of
     30% smooth stenosis at the carotid bifurcation. Intracranially injection of
     the right internal carotid artery shows no evidence of intracranial
     atherosclerosis and showed a hypoplastic right A1 segment of the anterior
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**2932-3-6**] 1:36 PM
     CAROT/CEREB [**Hospital1 5**]                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13304**]
     Reason: HEADACHES
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
      Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 150
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     cerebral artery with a fetal-type posterior cerebral artery. Injection of the
     left common carotid artery shows the presence of a 50% focal stenosis of the
     left internal carotid artery approximately 1.5 cm away distal to the cervical
     origin. The rest of the left internal carotid artery was within normal limits.
     Injection of the left common carotid artery also reveals a left internal
     carotid artery to [**Hospital1 4289**] a dominant left A1 segment of the anterior cerebral
     artery which perfuses both anterior cerebral arteries. A2 segment have no ACOM
     aneurysm associated. Examination of the sagittal sinus along its entire course
     showed it to be widely patent with no evidence of unusual constriction. The
     bilateral transverse and sigmoid sinuses are also similarly patent. Injection
     of the left subclavian artery which was performed using [**Initials (NamePattern4) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) 2272**] catheter
     because of tortuosity revealed no atherosclerotic involvement at the origin of
     the left vertebral artery. The left vertebral artery course in the cervical
     segment is within normal limits and intracranially the basilar artery and its
     branches appear to be within normal limits.
     
     IMPRESSION: No evidence of sinus thrombosis and otherwise unremarkable
     angiogram with the presence of a 50% wedge-shaped stenosis at the left
     internal carotid artery.
     
     

",,
14905,11655,18522,,2932-03-06 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2932-3-6**] 1:36 PM
     CAROT/CEREB [**Hospital1 5**]                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13304**]
     Reason: HEADACHES
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
      Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 150
     ********************************* CPT Codes ********************************
     * 36216 SEL CATH 2ND ORDER             36216 SEL CATH 2ND ORDER            *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      36215 SEL CATH 1ST ORDER            *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      75680 CAROTID/CEREBRAL BILAT        *
     * 75671 CAROTID/CEREBRAL BILAT         75685 VERT/CAROTID A-GRAM           *
     * 75710 EXT UNILAT A-GRAM              -52 REDUCED SERVICES                *
     * C1769 GUID WIRES INFU/PERF           C1894 INT/SHTH NOT/GUID EP NON-LASER*
     ****************************************************************************
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: Rule out sagittal sinus thrombosis in patient with an
     intracranial hemorrhage consistent with a venous distribution.
     
     POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: Patent superior sagittal sinus and rest of venous
     drainage system with no evidence of intracranial aneurysm or other abnormal
     arteriovenous malformation.
     
     ANESTHESIA: Conscious sedation with local infiltration of the right groin. 
     
     INDICATION: Mr. [**Known patient firstname 2935**] [**Known patient lastname 13305**] is a patient who sustained a fall and was noted
     on CT scan of the head to [**Hospital1 4289**] bilateral frontal hemorrhages. These were
     felt by the radiologist interpreting the study to possibly constitute a venous
     type of hemorrhage and accordingly the patient is undergoing this cerebral
     angiogram to determine patency of the venous system.
     
     CONSENT: The patient's family were given a full and complete explanation of
     the procedure. Specifically, the indications, risks, benefits, and
     alternatives to the procedure were explained in detail. In addition, the
     possible complications, such as the risk of bleeding, infection, stroke,
     neurological deficit or deterioration, groin hematoma, and other unforeseen
     complications, including the risk of coma and even death, were outlined. The
     patient's family understood and wished to proceed with the operation.
     
     PROCEDURE IN DETAIL: The patient was brought into the Endovascular Suite and
     placed on the table in supine position. The right groin area was prepped and
     draped in the usual sterile fashion. A 19-gauge single-wall needle was then
     used to puncture the right common femoral artery, and upon the return of brisk
     arterial blood, a 4 Fr vascular sheath was inserted over a guidewire and kept
     on a heparinized saline drip. Next, a diagnostic catheter was used to
     selectively catheterize the following vessels: right common carotid artery,
     left common carotid artery, left subclavian artery, and left vertebral artery.
     
     RESULTS: Injection of the innominate artery showed no atherosclerotic change
     at the origin of the right common carotid artery or the right subclavian
     artery. Injection of the right common carotid artery showed the presence of
     30% smooth stenosis at the carotid bifurcation. Intracranially injection of
     the right internal carotid artery shows no evidence of intracranial
     atherosclerosis and showed a hypoplastic right A1 segment of the anterior
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**2932-3-6**] 1:36 PM
     CAROT/CEREB [**Hospital1 5**]                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13304**]
     Reason: HEADACHES
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
      Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 150
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     cerebral artery with a fetal-type posterior cerebral artery. Injection of the
     left common carotid artery shows the presence of a 50% focal stenosis of the
     left internal carotid artery approximately 1.5 cm away distal to the cervical
     origin. The rest of the left internal carotid artery was within normal limits.
     Injection of the left common carotid artery also reveals a left internal
     carotid artery to [**Hospital1 4289**] a dominant left A1 segment of the anterior cerebral
     artery which perfuses both anterior cerebral arteries. A2 segment have no ACOM
     aneurysm associated. Examination of the sagittal sinus along its entire course
     showed it to be widely patent with no evidence of unusual constriction. The
     bilateral transverse and sigmoid sinuses are also similarly patent. Injection
     of the left subclavian artery which was performed using [**Initials (NamePattern4) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) 2272**] catheter
     because of tortuosity revealed no atherosclerotic involvement at the origin of
     the left vertebral artery. The left vertebral artery course in the cervical
     segment is within normal limits and intracranially the basilar artery and its
     branches appear to be within normal limits.
     
     IMPRESSION: No evidence of sinus thrombosis and otherwise unremarkable
     angiogram with the presence of a 50% wedge-shaped stenosis at the left
     internal carotid artery.
     
     

",,
14905,11655,18522,,2932-03-06 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2932-3-6**] 1:36 PM
     CAROT/CEREB [**Hospital1 5**]                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13304**]
     Reason: HEADACHES
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
      Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 150
     ********************************* CPT Codes ********************************
     * 36216 SEL CATH 2ND ORDER             36216 SEL CATH 2ND ORDER            *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      36215 SEL CATH 1ST ORDER            *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      75680 CAROTID/CEREBRAL BILAT        *
     * 75671 CAROTID/CEREBRAL BILAT         75685 VERT/CAROTID A-GRAM           *
     * 75710 EXT UNILAT A-GRAM              -52 REDUCED SERVICES                *
     * C1769 GUID WIRES INFU/PERF           C1894 INT/SHTH NOT/GUID EP NON-LASER*
     ****************************************************************************
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: Rule out sagittal sinus thrombosis in patient with an
     intracranial hemorrhage consistent with a venous distribution.
     
     POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: Patent superior sagittal sinus and rest of venous
     drainage system with no evidence of intracranial aneurysm or other abnormal
     arteriovenous malformation.
     
     ANESTHESIA: Conscious sedation with local infiltration of the right groin. 
     
     INDICATION: Mr. [**Known patient firstname 2935**] [**Known patient lastname 13305**] is a patient who sustained a fall and was noted
     on CT scan of the head to [**Hospital1 4289**] bilateral frontal hemorrhages. These were
     felt by the radiologist interpreting the study to possibly constitute a venous
     type of hemorrhage and accordingly the patient is undergoing this cerebral
     angiogram to determine patency of the venous system.
     
     CONSENT: The patient's family were given a full and complete explanation of
     the procedure. Specifically, the indications, risks, benefits, and
     alternatives to the procedure were explained in detail. In addition, the
     possible complications, such as the risk of bleeding, infection, stroke,
     neurological deficit or deterioration, groin hematoma, and other unforeseen
     complications, including the risk of coma and even death, were outlined. The
     patient's family understood and wished to proceed with the operation.
     
     PROCEDURE IN DETAIL: The patient was brought into the Endovascular Suite and
     placed on the table in supine position. The right groin area was prepped and
     draped in the usual sterile fashion. A 19-gauge single-wall needle was then
     used to puncture the right common femoral artery, and upon the return of brisk
     arterial blood, a 4 Fr vascular sheath was inserted over a guidewire and kept
     on a heparinized saline drip. Next, a diagnostic catheter was used to
     selectively catheterize the following vessels: right common carotid artery,
     left common carotid artery, left subclavian artery, and left vertebral artery.
     
     RESULTS: Injection of the innominate artery showed no atherosclerotic change
     at the origin of the right common carotid artery or the right subclavian
     artery. Injection of the right common carotid artery showed the presence of
     30% smooth stenosis at the carotid bifurcation. Intracranially injection of
     the right internal carotid artery shows no evidence of intracranial
     atherosclerosis and showed a hypoplastic right A1 segment of the anterior
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**2932-3-6**] 1:36 PM
     CAROT/CEREB [**Hospital1 5**]                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13304**]
     Reason: HEADACHES
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
      Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 150
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     cerebral artery with a fetal-type posterior cerebral artery. Injection of the
     left common carotid artery shows the presence of a 50% focal stenosis of the
     left internal carotid artery approximately 1.5 cm away distal to the cervical
     origin. The rest of the left internal carotid artery was within normal limits.
     Injection of the left common carotid artery also reveals a left internal
     carotid artery to [**Hospital1 4289**] a dominant left A1 segment of the anterior cerebral
     artery which perfuses both anterior cerebral arteries. A2 segment have no ACOM
     aneurysm associated. Examination of the sagittal sinus along its entire course
     showed it to be widely patent with no evidence of unusual constriction. The
     bilateral transverse and sigmoid sinuses are also similarly patent. Injection
     of the left subclavian artery which was performed using [**Initials (NamePattern4) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) 2272**] catheter
     because of tortuosity revealed no atherosclerotic involvement at the origin of
     the left vertebral artery. The left vertebral artery course in the cervical
     segment is within normal limits and intracranially the basilar artery and its
     branches appear to be within normal limits.
     
     IMPRESSION: No evidence of sinus thrombosis and otherwise unremarkable
     angiogram with the presence of a 50% wedge-shaped stenosis at the left
     internal carotid artery.
     
     

",,
14905,11655,18522,,2932-03-06 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2932-3-6**] 1:36 PM
     CAROT/CEREB [**Hospital1 5**]                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13304**]
     Reason: HEADACHES
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
      Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 150
     ********************************* CPT Codes ********************************
     * 36216 SEL CATH 2ND ORDER             36216 SEL CATH 2ND ORDER            *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      36215 SEL CATH 1ST ORDER            *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      75680 CAROTID/CEREBRAL BILAT        *
     * 75671 CAROTID/CEREBRAL BILAT         75685 VERT/CAROTID A-GRAM           *
     * 75710 EXT UNILAT A-GRAM              -52 REDUCED SERVICES                *
     * C1769 GUID WIRES INFU/PERF           C1894 INT/SHTH NOT/GUID EP NON-LASER*
     ****************************************************************************
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: Rule out sagittal sinus thrombosis in patient with an
     intracranial hemorrhage consistent with a venous distribution.
     
     POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: Patent superior sagittal sinus and rest of venous
     drainage system with no evidence of intracranial aneurysm or other abnormal
     arteriovenous malformation.
     
     ANESTHESIA: Conscious sedation with local infiltration of the right groin. 
     
     INDICATION: Mr. [**Known patient firstname 2935**] [**Known patient lastname 13305**] is a patient who sustained a fall and was noted
     on CT scan of the head to [**Hospital1 4289**] bilateral frontal hemorrhages. These were
     felt by the radiologist interpreting the study to possibly constitute a venous
     type of hemorrhage and accordingly the patient is undergoing this cerebral
     angiogram to determine patency of the venous system.
     
     CONSENT: The patient's family were given a full and complete explanation of
     the procedure. Specifically, the indications, risks, benefits, and
     alternatives to the procedure were explained in detail. In addition, the
     possible complications, such as the risk of bleeding, infection, stroke,
     neurological deficit or deterioration, groin hematoma, and other unforeseen
     complications, including the risk of coma and even death, were outlined. The
     patient's family understood and wished to proceed with the operation.
     
     PROCEDURE IN DETAIL: The patient was brought into the Endovascular Suite and
     placed on the table in supine position. The right groin area was prepped and
     draped in the usual sterile fashion. A 19-gauge single-wall needle was then
     used to puncture the right common femoral artery, and upon the return of brisk
     arterial blood, a 4 Fr vascular sheath was inserted over a guidewire and kept
     on a heparinized saline drip. Next, a diagnostic catheter was used to
     selectively catheterize the following vessels: right common carotid artery,
     left common carotid artery, left subclavian artery, and left vertebral artery.
     
     RESULTS: Injection of the innominate artery showed no atherosclerotic change
     at the origin of the right common carotid artery or the right subclavian
     artery. Injection of the right common carotid artery showed the presence of
     30% smooth stenosis at the carotid bifurcation. Intracranially injection of
     the right internal carotid artery shows no evidence of intracranial
     atherosclerosis and showed a hypoplastic right A1 segment of the anterior
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**2932-3-6**] 1:36 PM
     CAROT/CEREB [**Hospital1 5**]                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13304**]
     Reason: HEADACHES
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
      Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 150
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     cerebral artery with a fetal-type posterior cerebral artery. Injection of the
     left common carotid artery shows the presence of a 50% focal stenosis of the
     left internal carotid artery approximately 1.5 cm away distal to the cervical
     origin. The rest of the left internal carotid artery was within normal limits.
     Injection of the left common carotid artery also reveals a left internal
     carotid artery to [**Hospital1 4289**] a dominant left A1 segment of the anterior cerebral
     artery which perfuses both anterior cerebral arteries. A2 segment have no ACOM
     aneurysm associated. Examination of the sagittal sinus along its entire course
     showed it to be widely patent with no evidence of unusual constriction. The
     bilateral transverse and sigmoid sinuses are also similarly patent. Injection
     of the left subclavian artery which was performed using [**Initials (NamePattern4) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) 2272**] catheter
     because of tortuosity revealed no atherosclerotic involvement at the origin of
     the left vertebral artery. The left vertebral artery course in the cervical
     segment is within normal limits and intracranially the basilar artery and its
     branches appear to be within normal limits.
     
     IMPRESSION: No evidence of sinus thrombosis and otherwise unremarkable
     angiogram with the presence of a 50% wedge-shaped stenosis at the left
     internal carotid artery.
     
     

",,
14905,11655,18522,,2932-03-06 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2932-3-6**] 1:36 PM
     CAROT/CEREB [**Hospital1 5**]                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13304**]
     Reason: HEADACHES
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
      Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 150
     ********************************* CPT Codes ********************************
     * 36216 SEL CATH 2ND ORDER             36216 SEL CATH 2ND ORDER            *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      36215 SEL CATH 1ST ORDER            *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      75680 CAROTID/CEREBRAL BILAT        *
     * 75671 CAROTID/CEREBRAL BILAT         75685 VERT/CAROTID A-GRAM           *
     * 75710 EXT UNILAT A-GRAM              -52 REDUCED SERVICES                *
     * C1769 GUID WIRES INFU/PERF           C1894 INT/SHTH NOT/GUID EP NON-LASER*
     ****************************************************************************
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: Rule out sagittal sinus thrombosis in patient with an
     intracranial hemorrhage consistent with a venous distribution.
     
     POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: Patent superior sagittal sinus and rest of venous
     drainage system with no evidence of intracranial aneurysm or other abnormal
     arteriovenous malformation.
     
     ANESTHESIA: Conscious sedation with local infiltration of the right groin. 
     
     INDICATION: Mr. [**Known patient firstname 2935**] [**Known patient lastname 13305**] is a patient who sustained a fall and was noted
     on CT scan of the head to [**Hospital1 4289**] bilateral frontal hemorrhages. These were
     felt by the radiologist interpreting the study to possibly constitute a venous
     type of hemorrhage and accordingly the patient is undergoing this cerebral
     angiogram to determine patency of the venous system.
     
     CONSENT: The patient's family were given a full and complete explanation of
     the procedure. Specifically, the indications, risks, benefits, and
     alternatives to the procedure were explained in detail. In addition, the
     possible complications, such as the risk of bleeding, infection, stroke,
     neurological deficit or deterioration, groin hematoma, and other unforeseen
     complications, including the risk of coma and even death, were outlined. The
     patient's family understood and wished to proceed with the operation.
     
     PROCEDURE IN DETAIL: The patient was brought into the Endovascular Suite and
     placed on the table in supine position. The right groin area was prepped and
     draped in the usual sterile fashion. A 19-gauge single-wall needle was then
     used to puncture the right common femoral artery, and upon the return of brisk
     arterial blood, a 4 Fr vascular sheath was inserted over a guidewire and kept
     on a heparinized saline drip. Next, a diagnostic catheter was used to
     selectively catheterize the following vessels: right common carotid artery,
     left common carotid artery, left subclavian artery, and left vertebral artery.
     
     RESULTS: Injection of the innominate artery showed no atherosclerotic change
     at the origin of the right common carotid artery or the right subclavian
     artery. Injection of the right common carotid artery showed the presence of
     30% smooth stenosis at the carotid bifurcation. Intracranially injection of
     the right internal carotid artery shows no evidence of intracranial
     atherosclerosis and showed a hypoplastic right A1 segment of the anterior
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**2932-3-6**] 1:36 PM
     CAROT/CEREB [**Hospital1 5**]                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13304**]
     Reason: HEADACHES
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
      Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 150
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     cerebral artery with a fetal-type posterior cerebral artery. Injection of the
     left common carotid artery shows the presence of a 50% focal stenosis of the
     left internal carotid artery approximately 1.5 cm away distal to the cervical
     origin. The rest of the left internal carotid artery was within normal limits.
     Injection of the left common carotid artery also reveals a left internal
     carotid artery to [**Hospital1 4289**] a dominant left A1 segment of the anterior cerebral
     artery which perfuses both anterior cerebral arteries. A2 segment have no ACOM
     aneurysm associated. Examination of the sagittal sinus along its entire course
     showed it to be widely patent with no evidence of unusual constriction. The
     bilateral transverse and sigmoid sinuses are also similarly patent. Injection
     of the left subclavian artery which was performed using [**Initials (NamePattern4) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) 2272**] catheter
     because of tortuosity revealed no atherosclerotic involvement at the origin of
     the left vertebral artery. The left vertebral artery course in the cervical
     segment is within normal limits and intracranially the basilar artery and its
     branches appear to be within normal limits.
     
     IMPRESSION: No evidence of sinus thrombosis and otherwise unremarkable
     angiogram with the presence of a 50% wedge-shaped stenosis at the left
     internal carotid artery.
     
     

",,
14905,11655,18522,,2932-03-06 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2932-3-6**] 1:36 PM
     CAROT/CEREB [**Hospital1 5**]                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13304**]
     Reason: HEADACHES
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
      Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 150
     ********************************* CPT Codes ********************************
     * 36216 SEL CATH 2ND ORDER             36216 SEL CATH 2ND ORDER            *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      36215 SEL CATH 1ST ORDER            *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      75680 CAROTID/CEREBRAL BILAT        *
     * 75671 CAROTID/CEREBRAL BILAT         75685 VERT/CAROTID A-GRAM           *
     * 75710 EXT UNILAT A-GRAM              -52 REDUCED SERVICES                *
     * C1769 GUID WIRES INFU/PERF           C1894 INT/SHTH NOT/GUID EP NON-LASER*
     ****************************************************************************
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: Rule out sagittal sinus thrombosis in patient with an
     intracranial hemorrhage consistent with a venous distribution.
     
     POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: Patent superior sagittal sinus and rest of venous
     drainage system with no evidence of intracranial aneurysm or other abnormal
     arteriovenous malformation.
     
     ANESTHESIA: Conscious sedation with local infiltration of the right groin. 
     
     INDICATION: Mr. [**Known patient firstname 2935**] [**Known patient lastname 13305**] is a patient who sustained a fall and was noted
     on CT scan of the head to [**Hospital1 4289**] bilateral frontal hemorrhages. These were
     felt by the radiologist interpreting the study to possibly constitute a venous
     type of hemorrhage and accordingly the patient is undergoing this cerebral
     angiogram to determine patency of the venous system.
     
     CONSENT: The patient's family were given a full and complete explanation of
     the procedure. Specifically, the indications, risks, benefits, and
     alternatives to the procedure were explained in detail. In addition, the
     possible complications, such as the risk of bleeding, infection, stroke,
     neurological deficit or deterioration, groin hematoma, and other unforeseen
     complications, including the risk of coma and even death, were outlined. The
     patient's family understood and wished to proceed with the operation.
     
     PROCEDURE IN DETAIL: The patient was brought into the Endovascular Suite and
     placed on the table in supine position. The right groin area was prepped and
     draped in the usual sterile fashion. A 19-gauge single-wall needle was then
     used to puncture the right common femoral artery, and upon the return of brisk
     arterial blood, a 4 Fr vascular sheath was inserted over a guidewire and kept
     on a heparinized saline drip. Next, a diagnostic catheter was used to
     selectively catheterize the following vessels: right common carotid artery,
     left common carotid artery, left subclavian artery, and left vertebral artery.
     
     RESULTS: Injection of the innominate artery showed no atherosclerotic change
     at the origin of the right common carotid artery or the right subclavian
     artery. Injection of the right common carotid artery showed the presence of
     30% smooth stenosis at the carotid bifurcation. Intracranially injection of
     the right internal carotid artery shows no evidence of intracranial
     atherosclerosis and showed a hypoplastic right A1 segment of the anterior
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**2932-3-6**] 1:36 PM
     CAROT/CEREB [**Hospital1 5**]                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13304**]
     Reason: HEADACHES
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
      Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 150
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     cerebral artery with a fetal-type posterior cerebral artery. Injection of the
     left common carotid artery shows the presence of a 50% focal stenosis of the
     left internal carotid artery approximately 1.5 cm away distal to the cervical
     origin. The rest of the left internal carotid artery was within normal limits.
     Injection of the left common carotid artery also reveals a left internal
     carotid artery to [**Hospital1 4289**] a dominant left A1 segment of the anterior cerebral
     artery which perfuses both anterior cerebral arteries. A2 segment have no ACOM
     aneurysm associated. Examination of the sagittal sinus along its entire course
     showed it to be widely patent with no evidence of unusual constriction. The
     bilateral transverse and sigmoid sinuses are also similarly patent. Injection
     of the left subclavian artery which was performed using [**Initials (NamePattern4) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) 2272**] catheter
     because of tortuosity revealed no atherosclerotic involvement at the origin of
     the left vertebral artery. The left vertebral artery course in the cervical
     segment is within normal limits and intracranially the basilar artery and its
     branches appear to be within normal limits.
     
     IMPRESSION: No evidence of sinus thrombosis and otherwise unremarkable
     angiogram with the presence of a 50% wedge-shaped stenosis at the left
     internal carotid artery.
     
     

",,
14905,11655,18522,,2932-03-06 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2932-3-6**] 3:48 AM
     CT HEAD W/ & W/O CONTRAST; CT 100CC NON IONIC CONTRAST          Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13302**]
     Reason: HEMORRHAGE ABOVE VENTRICLES ALONG FALX ?SUSPICIOUS VENOUS BLEED
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
      Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 100
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      79 year old man with area of hemorrhage above ventricles along falx. Suspicious 
      for venous bleed; Pt cannot have MRI due to AID/pacemaker
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      Please perform CT with contrast with venous view especially near sagital sinus. 
       Discussed already with radiology resident
     No contraindications for IV contrast
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     INDICATIONS:  Areas of hemorrhage along the falx suspicious for venous
     infarction. Patient is unable to have MRI due to AICD/pacemaker. Evaluate for
     underlying mass or essential sinus thrombosis. 
     
     CT BRAIN WITH AND WITHOUT CONTRAST:
     
     TECHNIQUE:   CT head is performed before and after the administration of IV
     contrast.  The patient has elevated creatinine. However, given the nature of
     these hemorrhages, as originally seen on outside CT, in conjunction with the
     patient's care team and neurosurgery, it was felt the risks of contrast
     nephropathy were outweighed by the potential benefits of this study.
     Therefore, the patient was premedicated with Mucomist and prehydrated and 60
     cc of Visapaque nonionic contrast was used.
     
     COMPARISONS:  The outside CT examination is not currently available for
     comparison.
     
     FINDINGS:  There is a 7 x 19 mm hyperdensity adjacent to the right side of the
     falx cerebra, probably a small subdural hematoma.  Additionally, at the vertex
     on the right, there are small hyperdensities within the subarachnoid space,
     measuring up to 5 x 12 mm in size.  In the medial and superior left frontal
     lobe, there is a 17 x 23 mm hyperdense region, consistent with parenchymal
     hemorrhage. There is extensive hypodensity in the cerebral white matter which
     is probably related to old infarction.  There is also a mild degree of edema
     surrounding the hematoma.   Additionally, there are regions of hypodensity
     within the cerebellum, lacunes versus subarachnoid spaces.  There is left
     frontal lobe encephalomalacia.  The left parenchymal hemorrhage causes
     slightly impresses the left lateral ventricle. The lateral ventricles,
     cisterns, and sulci are uniformly widened, consistent with atrophic change.
     
     After the administration of IV contrast, there are no abnormally enhancing
     lesions seen.  Additionally, the sagittal sinus enhances normally.
     
     There are atherosclerotic calcifications of the vertebral and carotid
     arteries.  No fractures are seen. There is mucosal thickening within the
     maxillary, ethmoid and sphenoid sinuses, most prominent in the left maxillary
     sinus. The mastoid air cells are aerated. No other soft tissue abnormalities
     are seen.
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**2932-3-6**] 3:48 AM
     CT HEAD W/ & W/O CONTRAST; CT 100CC NON IONIC CONTRAST          Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13302**]
     Reason: HEMORRHAGE ABOVE VENTRICLES ALONG FALX ?SUSPICIOUS VENOUS BLEED
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
      Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 100
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     
     IMPRESSION:
     
     1.  The areas of hyperdensity to the right of the falx in the subdural and
     subarachnoid spaces represent hemorrhage. There is interparenchymal hemorrhage
     in the left superior medial frontal lobe, with minimal impression of the left
     lateral ventricle.
     
     2.  No evidence of sagittal sinus thrombosis.
     
     3.  No enhancing masses are seen.
     
     4.  Sinus mucosal disease.

",,
14905,11655,18522,,2932-03-06 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2932-3-6**] 3:48 AM
     CT HEAD W/ & W/O CONTRAST; CT 100CC NON IONIC CONTRAST          Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13302**]
     Reason: HEMORRHAGE ABOVE VENTRICLES ALONG FALX ?SUSPICIOUS VENOUS BLEED
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
      Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 100
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      79 year old man with area of hemorrhage above ventricles along falx. Suspicious 
      for venous bleed; Pt cannot have MRI due to AID/pacemaker
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      Please perform CT with contrast with venous view especially near sagital sinus. 
       Discussed already with radiology resident
     No contraindications for IV contrast
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     INDICATIONS:  Areas of hemorrhage along the falx suspicious for venous
     infarction. Patient is unable to have MRI due to AICD/pacemaker. Evaluate for
     underlying mass or essential sinus thrombosis. 
     
     CT BRAIN WITH AND WITHOUT CONTRAST:
     
     TECHNIQUE:   CT head is performed before and after the administration of IV
     contrast.  The patient has elevated creatinine. However, given the nature of
     these hemorrhages, as originally seen on outside CT, in conjunction with the
     patient's care team and neurosurgery, it was felt the risks of contrast
     nephropathy were outweighed by the potential benefits of this study.
     Therefore, the patient was premedicated with Mucomist and prehydrated and 60
     cc of Visapaque nonionic contrast was used.
     
     COMPARISONS:  The outside CT examination is not currently available for
     comparison.
     
     FINDINGS:  There is a 7 x 19 mm hyperdensity adjacent to the right side of the
     falx cerebra, probably a small subdural hematoma.  Additionally, at the vertex
     on the right, there are small hyperdensities within the subarachnoid space,
     measuring up to 5 x 12 mm in size.  In the medial and superior left frontal
     lobe, there is a 17 x 23 mm hyperdense region, consistent with parenchymal
     hemorrhage. There is extensive hypodensity in the cerebral white matter which
     is probably related to old infarction.  There is also a mild degree of edema
     surrounding the hematoma.   Additionally, there are regions of hypodensity
     within the cerebellum, lacunes versus subarachnoid spaces.  There is left
     frontal lobe encephalomalacia.  The left parenchymal hemorrhage causes
     slightly impresses the left lateral ventricle. The lateral ventricles,
     cisterns, and sulci are uniformly widened, consistent with atrophic change.
     
     After the administration of IV contrast, there are no abnormally enhancing
     lesions seen.  Additionally, the sagittal sinus enhances normally.
     
     There are atherosclerotic calcifications of the vertebral and carotid
     arteries.  No fractures are seen. There is mucosal thickening within the
     maxillary, ethmoid and sphenoid sinuses, most prominent in the left maxillary
     sinus. The mastoid air cells are aerated. No other soft tissue abnormalities
     are seen.
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**2932-3-6**] 3:48 AM
     CT HEAD W/ & W/O CONTRAST; CT 100CC NON IONIC CONTRAST          Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13302**]
     Reason: HEMORRHAGE ABOVE VENTRICLES ALONG FALX ?SUSPICIOUS VENOUS BLEED
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
      Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 100
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     
     IMPRESSION:
     
     1.  The areas of hyperdensity to the right of the falx in the subdural and
     subarachnoid spaces represent hemorrhage. There is interparenchymal hemorrhage
     in the left superior medial frontal lobe, with minimal impression of the left
     lateral ventricle.
     
     2.  No evidence of sagittal sinus thrombosis.
     
     3.  No enhancing masses are seen.
     
     4.  Sinus mucosal disease.

",,
14905,11655,18522,0,2932-03-06 07:00:00 EST,2932-03-06 07:15:00 EST,103,"N",1,"Nursing/Other","CCU NSG ADMISSION/PROGRESS NOTE 1A-7A/S/P HEAD BLEED","
CCU NSG ADMISSION/PROGRESS NOTE 1A-7A/S/P HEAD BLEED

S- ANSWERING ONE WORD ANSWERS- WHERE HE LIVES, HIS WIFE'S NAME

O- SEE FLOWSHEET FOR OBJECTIVE DATA. PLEASE REFER TO NSG FHPA FOR DETAILS R/T PMH/HPI.

IN BRIEF, THIS IS A 79 YR OLD MAN THAT WAS HOME ON COUMADIN FOR AF- FELL AND REFUSED TO GO TO THE HOSP IN SPITE OF LOC WITNESSED BY WIFE BY REPORT.
HE COULDN'T MOVE THIS NEXT MORNING AND FELT UNWELL AND DECIDED TO GO TO [**Location (un) **] [**Location (un) **]. HE RECEIVED A CT SCAN WHICH REVEALED, 3 AREAS OF BLEED/ INTRACRANIAL BLEEDING, CHRONIC ICHEMIA AS WELL AS ATROPHY. PT ALERT BUT NOT SPEAKING TOO MUCH- MOVING ALL EXTREMITIES- PEERL. PT RECEIVED VIT K TO DECREASE INR OF 2.3  AND TRANSFERED TO [**Hospital1 10**] FOR FURTHER W/U. C COLLAR APPLIED HERE IN ER FOR H/O FALL.
PT ADMITTED TO CCU 1 AM FOR FREQUENT NEURO CHECKS/FURTHER MONITORING.

CV- PT WITH STABLE VS- ICD IN PLACE- V PACING AT 70'S- FREQ VEA. 
AM LYTES PENDING. BP- 120/70'S- RECEIVED 2 MORE UNITS FFP THIS SHIFT. AM COAGS PENDING AS WELL.

RESP- PT FOUND TO HAVE RUL INFILTRATE BY REPORT AT MW HOSP- GOOD O2 SATS, CLEAR LUNG SOUNDS.- RECIEVED 500 LEVO IV IN ER- TO START IN PO DOSE QD.
AFEBRILE
PT APPEARS COMFORTABLE.

GU- FOLEY CATH IN PLACE- 30-50CC/HOUR.
RECEIVED 125/HOUR X 500CC PRE REPEAT CT WITH CONTRAST AS WELL AS MUCOMIST X 1 DOSE .
TO RECEIVE 3 MORE DOSES OVER THIS DAY.
IVF DECREASED TO KVO- TO HOLD DIURESIS TODAY FOR CRI.

NEURO- SEE FLOWSHEET
MOVING ALL EXTREMITIES, PEERL, ANSWERING QUESTIONS IN ONE WORD ANSWERS, PT VERY QUIET.

A/P- PT ADMITTED TO CCU FOR MONITORING OF NEURO STATUS

CHECK AM COAGS FOR INR- REPEAT VIT K TODAY AS ORDERED.
REPLETE LYTES AS NEEDED.
CONTINUE CLOSE ASSESSMENT OF NEURO SIGNS.
ASSESS RENAL FX/NEED FOR FLUID/DIUIRESIS
WATCH FOR ANY SIGN RESP COMPOMISE/SX WORSENED PNA.
ANTIBX AS ORDERED
KEEP FAMILY AWARE OF PLAN CARE
AS WELL AS PT.
CONTINUE NEURO CHECKS AS ORDERED 

RESP - PT WITH 
",,
14905,11655,18522,0,2932-03-06 18:31:00 EST,2932-03-06 18:53:00 EST,40,"N",1,"Nursing/Other","MICU NPN","
MICU NPN
neuro: pt awake, lethargic, oriented to person, place and year. MAE, nl strength, PERRL, follows commands consistently. cooperative. Pt has on cervical collar. had neck CT done, and is now in angio. INR 1.9 this am given 4u FFP, and po Vit k, INR 1.5 at 1500.
cv: v paced 72, bp 121-135/70's.
resp: SATS 94-98% on 4lnp
gi: NPO for angio, taking meds w/o difficulty, no stool. T bili 2.4.abd soft distended. abd ultrasound done-> splenomegaly,ascites, abdominal aortic aneurysm measuring 7.5 cm in prox/mid abdominal area found.
gu: foley draining dk yellow urine 60-80cc/hr. BUN/CR 49/1.9 (?baseline), received 3 doses mucomist, and prehydrated  prior to angio
id: afebrile, wbc 8.0, levo d/c
end: bs wnl
skin: intact, 
social: wife and son in to visit, spoke w/ MD, and updated on pt's condition and plan of care
A: Cerebral hemmorage, w/ improving neuro status. AAA found on abd ultrasound, splenomegaly, ascites. 
P: continue to monitor neuro status, repeat spine films to clear for fx. CT of abd. Continue mucomist and hydration. follow BUN/cr.
",,
14905,11655,18522,,2932-03-07 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2932-3-7**] 7:11 AM
     CHEST (PORTABLE AP)                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13309**]
     Reason: Hypoxia                                                     
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
        79 year old man with ?pna diagnosed at OSH, but no clinical signs.            
         
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      Hypoxia                                                                         
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     HISTORY:  Hypoxia
     
     AP SUPINE CHEST: Comparison with one day prior shows an increase in the
     interstitial infiltrate and persistent cardiomegaly.  Small left pleural
     effusion.  No other significant change.
     
     IMPRESSION:  Findings are consistent with cardiac failure.
     

",,
14905,11655,18522,0,2932-03-07 03:27:00 EST,2932-03-07 04:01:00 EST,889,"N",1,"Nursing/Other","CCU Nursing Progress(MICU Border): s/p fall, ICH","
CCU Nursing Progress(MICU Border): s/p fall, ICH
S-""Yes""

SEE CAREVUE FOR ALL OBJECTIVE DATA AND TRENDS IN VSS

O-MS:Lethargic and oriented to self, opens eyes to voice and does follow commads consistently but remaining non-verbal for entire shift except for answering ""yes"" when told wife called. Pt nodding head from side to side and up and down when asked questions appropriately. Upper extremeties intially moving on bed but are equal and of normal strength, continues to move lower extremeties only on bed, pupils 2mms bilaterally and brisk, repeat spine films for neck clearance on hold till tommorow, collar care done and remains in place, neuro angio procedure performed uneventful and (-) for saggital sinus thrombus therefore no intervention done, angio only showing lots of atheroscelrosis of vessels. 
CV:VSS throughout night, HR 70s V paced with frequent to occasional intrinsic rhythmn of afib, few PVCs, SBPs 120-130s, Hydralazine started to keep SBPs in the 120s secondary to ICH and AAA. Hydralazine working with good effect. Right groin site CDI with no hematoma noted, pulses dopplerable distal with warm BLEs.
RESP:Breath sounds clear throughout, O2Sats on 4Ls 95-99%. Denies SOB.
CT of chest performed last night to evaluate mass on CXR, results pending.
GU/GI: Foley draining clear yellow concentrated colore urine, HUOs 30-45cc/hr. During angio, did recieve 150cc of IV contrast dye. No post hyrdration fluid ordered, RN making MICU team aware and team agreeing to run remainder of NS hanging at 50cc/hr(750mls). In addition received final dose of Mucomyst. Remains NPO except for meds with sips of water, does well taking POs. Small amounts of soft to liquid brown stool at rectum, bowel stimulants held. 
ID:Afebrile. On Levo for suspected infiltrate on CXR. 
HEME: HCT 39 yesterday AM, MICU team not wanting to repeat HCT tonight, INR down from 1.9 to 1.5 as of yesterday afternoon, continues Vit K times 2 more doses.
ENDO:BS stable, not requiring coverage overnight or this AM.
SKIN:Intact. Right gluteal area and slightly across sacral pink raise [**Last Name (un) 6380**]. Continue to follow. 
A/P:79 yo s/p fall with LOC p/w ICH and neuro deficit, thus neuro exams and CTs of head unchange, angio (-) for thrombus and awaits c-spine clearance from neuro surgery. In addition AAA found inadvertently on Abd US and also a mass of CXR, workups in progress. 

Continue to monitor


",,
14905,11655,18522,0,2932-03-07 17:32:00 EST,2932-03-07 17:50:00 EST,96,"N",1,"Nursing/Other","ccu npn","
ccu npn
micu border
o- id- afebrile. ms/neuro- in am not speaking, then said yes x1. later day- oriented to self and year/month, unable to understand his word when answering for place. able to nod/shake head slightly. moving arms, more later in day, squeeze hands, raises and holds arms, arm strength improved later day. moves toes on command, unable to move legs. able to sip with straw this pm, unable to do in am. cont. with cervical collar, changed to [**Location (un) **] j with collar care done. 
cv- hr 70s paced with occ own beat, occ pvc, rare short run. bp 110-130s/. k 3.8, not replaced. creat. 2.0. hct 36.5. inr 1.6 in am, re'd total 3units ffp and repeat inr 1.6. re'ing 4more units ffp, 3rd up. repeat inr,etc after 4 done. 
resp- on 4l n/c sats 96-100, l/s dim scat cxs esp. lower. no sob, occ. dry cough this pm. u/o low all day, concentrated, ho aware. 
gi- npo, taking meds. abd soft/distended. ho to insert pedi feeding tube today. had small yellow liquid stool this am. 
skin- intact, log rolled/ turned side to side with skin/oral care 2-3hrs. pneumoboots on. 
social- wife, fx in, updated on pt status, plan by mds/rn. 
code status- pt is dni, fx to speak to primary md to discuss dnr and ?turning off aicd. 
a- s/p fall, bleed.
p- cont. to follow neuro status, check inr after 4th unit done. 
check with fx in am regarding code status. 

",,
14905,11655,18522,,2932-03-08 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2932-3-8**] 8:12 AM
     CHEST (PORTABLE AP)                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13310**]
     Reason: Does this pt have CHF                                       
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
         79 year old man with hypoxia                                                 
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      Does this pt have CHF                                                           
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     INDICATION: 79 year old man with hypoxia.  Rule out congestive heart failure.
     
     Comparison made to prior study of [**2932-3-7**] at 0742 hours.
     
     CHEST, PORTABLE AP - [**2932-3-8**] AT 0811 HOURS: Comparison with one day
     prior study shows increasing opacity in the right base with indistinct right
     hemidiaphragm outline and increased reticular opacities in the right upper
     zone suggesting worsening congestive heart failure.  Note is made of
     persistent cardiomegaly and the tip of the pacemaker lead is in the right
     ventricle.
     
     IMPRESSION: Worsening CHF.

",,
14905,11655,18522,,2932-03-08 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2932-3-8**] 6:11 PM
     CT HEAD W/O CONTRAST                                            Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13311**]
     Reason: Has hemorrhage extended or shrunk?                          
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      79 year old man with recent SAH, persistent coagulopathy                        
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      Has hemorrhage extended or shrunk?                                              
     CONTRAINDICATIONS for IV CONTRAST:
      Acute renal failure
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     INDICATION: Subarachnoid hemorrhage with persistent coagulopathy. Evaluate
     hemorrhage.
     
     TECHNIQUE: Non-contrast head CT.
     
     COMPARISON: Head CT from [**2932-3-6**].
     
     NON-CONTRAST HEAD CT: Again seen is a left medial frontal lobe
     intraparenchymal hemorrhage, which appears slightly larger in size than on the
     prior study. There is a mild amount of surrounding edema with continued mild
     compression of the left lateral ventricle. Again seen is an area of
     hyperdensity adjacent to the falx on the right side, not changed in size and
     appearance from the prior exam, likely consistent with a small subdural
     hematoma. Small hyperdense areas are also identified within the subarachnoid
     space at the vertex, stable from the prior exam, again likely consistent with
     a small subarachnoid hemorrhage. Periventricular hypodensities are again noted
     consistent with chronic microvascular infarction. There is stable hypodensity
     noted within the left frontal lobe, consistent with encephalomalacia.
     Scattered hypodensities are seen within the cerebellum, likely representing
     old lacunar infarcts. There is significant mucosal thickening and fluid within
     both maxillary sinuses. Moderate amount of mucosal thickening and fluid is
     also identified within both sphenoid sinuses and ethmoid air cells. The
     osseous and soft tissue structures are unchanged.
     
     IMPRESSION: Slight interval increase in size of the left medial frontal
     intraparenchymal hemorrhage. Stable small subdural and subarachnoid
     hemorrhage.
     

",,
14905,11655,18522,,2932-03-08 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2932-3-8**] 11:35 PM
     CHEST (PORTABLE AP)                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13312**]
     Reason: Placement of NGT                                            
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
          79 year old man s/p NGT placement                                           
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      Placement of NGT                                                                
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     HISTORY: S/P NG tube placement.
     
     CHEST, SINGLE AP PORTABLE VIEW.
     
     Detail is considerably blurred by patient motion. An NG type tube is present.
     The radiopaque tip lies in the distal esophagus and does not cross the EG
     junction. There is prominence of the cardiomediastinal silhouette, upper zone
     redistribution, diffuse vascular blurring, left lower lobe collapse and/or
     consolidation and an elevated right hemidiaphragm. No gross effusion.
     Curvilinear demarcation along the right lateral lung is noted. If there is no
     reason to suspect a pneumothorax, this likely represents a skin fold. A single
     lead pacemaker is present, with lead tip over right ventricle.
     
     IMPRESSION: NG tube with tip in distal esophagus. This should be advanced to
     be used.

",,
14905,11655,18522,0,2932-03-08 04:40:00 EST,2932-03-08 05:04:00 EST,199,"N",1,"Nursing/Other",,"

NSG NOTE

CV: SBP 122-132/66-77. REMAINS ON HYDRALAZINE 10MG WITH ADEQUATE CONTROL IN BP. HR V-PACED 71-75 WITH OCCASSIONAL PVC'S. GOAL FOR BP 120-130.

RESP: RR-REG 16-20. O2 @ 4L VIA NP. APPEARS COMFORTABLE O2 SATS 97-100%. BS CL/DIMINISHED IN BASES. LLL CRACKLES

GI: ABD IS SOFT BUT DISTENDED. HYPOACTIVE BS NOTED. PT WILL TOL SIPS OF PO'S. HE IS ALSO ABLE TO TAKE PO MEDS. TEAM MAY INSERT TF TODAY. NO STOOL THIS SHIFT.

GU: U/O REMAINS SLUGGLISH. 20-32CC/HR AWAITING AM BUN/CREAT.

SKIN; COLLAR INTACT WITHOUT SIGNS OF BREAKDOWN. NOTED 2 BRUISES ON BUTTOCKS. HALF DOLLAR SIZE.

NEURO: PT IS ALERT TO NAME. OPENS EYES ON COMMAND. HE IS ALSO ABLE TO FOLLOW SIMPLE COMMANDS,WIGGLE TOES,STICK OUT TONGUE AND BLINK. HE CAN RAISE AND HOLD BOTH ARMS. HE CAN LIFT AND MOVE BOTH LEGS ON THE BED. HE CAN STATE HIS NAME BOTH FIRST AND LAST. HE KNOWS THE YEAR,BUT IS NOT ORIENTED TO MONTH AND PLACE.PEARL @3MM/BRISK. HAND GRASPS ARE EQUAL WEAK BUT BECOMING MORE STRONG AS SHIFT PROGRESSES.

ID: TEMP MAX 99.1

HEME: RECEIVED 4 UNITS FFP ON DAYS. REPEAT BLD WORK. PT 15.3,INR 1.6,PTT 26.9 DR [**Last Name (STitle) **] [**Name (STitle) 1243**]. ORDER GIVEN TO TRANSFUSE 4 ADDITIONAL UNITS FFP. WILL REPEAT COAGS IN AM. PT IS ALSO ON VIT K SC. GOAL IS AN INR <1.3

SOCIAL/DISPOSITION: PT IS DNI ONLY. PLANS TODAY TO DISCUSS WITH WIFE DNR STATUS. FOR NOW HE REMAINS DNI. NO INQUIERES OVERNOC

A/P: 79 YR OLD S/P GRADE 1 C2-C3 FX LONGIT. LIGAMENT. S/P HEAD BLEED (ON COUMADIN AT HOME FOR A-FIB) NOW PRESENTS WITH NEW AAA PROX/MID. AND  AORTA, RUL MASS BY CXR. PLAN IS RE-ADDRESS CODE STATUS. CON'T Q2 HR NEURO SIGNS. FOLLOW INR


",,
14905,11655,18522,0,2932-03-08 17:40:00 EST,2932-03-08 18:13:00 EST,285,"N",1,"Nursing/Other","CCU NPN 7am - 7pm","
CCU NPN 7am - 7pm
S/O:
Neuro:  Pt. continues to follow commands.  He intermittently knows that he is at the [**Hospital1 10**].  Stated the year, but unable to state the month and day.  Can lift and hold both arms.  Strong, equal grasps bilaterally.  Moving both legs on the bed.  PERRLA.  Verbally answers yes/no question appropriately.

Resp.:  RR 20 - 22 O2sats are 96 - 98% on 4lnp.  Lungs sounds->  exp. wheezes at the bases. Pt. has a non productive congested sounding cough.  Lasix continues to be held due to increasing BUN and creat.

Heme:  PT - 14.7, PTT - 26.5, INR - 1.6.  HCT. 33.7.  Pt. received 1 UFFP.  coags and DIC screen drawn 1/2 hour after the unit finished. May give more FFP tonight Pending results of head CT.

CVS:  HR 70 - 80 vpaced with some PVC's.  One 4 - 5 beat run of VT followed by a short run of SVT noted.  Pt. received 20 meq of KCL for K of 3.8.  BP 120 - 140/70's.  Continues on hydralazine 10 mg Q6 hours.

G.I.:  LBM this morning.  Bowel meds held.  Abd. soft and distended with positive bowel sounds in all quads.  Pt. able to take meds crushed in custard and swallowing some liquids.

G.U.:  creat. 2.6.  BUN 58.  minimal u/o 10 - 20 cc/hr.

Skin:  Bilateral contusions on buttocks are unchanged.  Rash noted around anal area after last BM.  [**Location (un) 14**] J collar remains on.  Pt. turned using logroll technique.

A:  s/p head bleed.

P:  monitor mental status for changes, head CT, plan to place NG tube for feeding.
",,
14905,11655,18522,,2932-03-09 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


",,
14905,11655,18522,,2932-03-09 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2932-3-9**] 12:51 PM
     PORTABLE ABDOMEN                                                Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13314**]
     Reason: check post-pyloric tube position                            
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      79 year old man s/p post-pyloric tube placement                                 
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      check post-pyloric tube position                                                
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     History of post-pyloric tube placement.
     
     The distal end of tube overlies distal antrum of stomach.  Surgical clips are
     present in the right upper quadrant status post cholecystectomy.  Distribution
     of bowel gas is unremarkable.  There are no vascular calcifications.
     ICD overlies region of RV apex.

",,
14905,11655,18522,,2932-03-09 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2932-3-9**] 12:44 AM
     CHEST (PORTABLE AP)                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13313**]
     Reason: Readjustment of tube.                                       
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
           79 year old man s/p NGT placement                                          
       
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      Readjustment of tube.                                                           
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     INDICATIONS:  Status post NG tube placement, re-adjustment of tube. 
     
     PORTABLE AP CHEST:  Comparison is made to previous films from several hours
     earlier. The NG tube has been repositioned. The radiopaque tip now overlies
     the gastric body. Allowing for differences in technique, remaining findings
     are stable.  No pneumothorax is identified.

",,
14905,11655,18522,0,2932-03-09 04:34:00 EST,2932-03-09 05:00:00 EST,330,"N",1,"Nursing/Other","CCU NPN 1900-0700","
CCU NPN 1900-0700
O:  
neuro:  pt. responding to name, opening eyes spont. and to name, only able to state name. unable to state place/date.  does not move extrem. unless asked to do so.  able to move legs on bed slightly. able to lift arms off bed for short time.  took pills at 2100 crushed with custard and appearing to swallow approp.  

70's vpaced with occas. PVC's.  BP 125-136/60-70s.  held 12am hydralazine d/t BP <120/ at the time (hold parameters).

GI:  dobhoff feeding tube placed by resident/intern in eve, confirmed by CXR.  wire is still in place and will wait for tube to migrate past pyloric sphyincter.  
3 more U FFP ordered by intern at 0100.  first Unit up at 0200, and # 2 up at 0230 , however stopped after 100cc d/t pulm congestion.   

Resp:  pt. with congested cough, unable to bring  secretions to front of mouth.
requiring deep yankour suctioning for thick tan secretions.  
course BS.  sats 97% on 4lnc.  
*****pt. becoming more congested with audible wheezes/ req. NT suction at 0200 for thick tan secretions.  req. NT suction q15-30min for next 2 hours.  pt. in pulm edema.  FIO2 increased to 100% cool neb.  given 40mg lasix x2 and 80mg x1.  also morphine .5mg IV x3 with only fair effect.  
- pt. more lethargic, opens eyes to name but only nods.  shallow breathing.  RR 30-35.  
Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) **] call family about change.    

pt. is DNI/DNR at this time.  

u/o only 50-20cc/hr. 
NPO at this time d/t dec. MS.

A/P:  status change with pulm. edema, resp. distress and neuro decline
family to be contacted for further updates,  follow diuresis/morphine prn.  
",,
14905,11655,18522,0,2932-03-09 17:48:00 EST,2932-03-09 18:11:00 EST,285,"N",1,"Nursing/Other","CCU NPN 7am - 7pm","
CCU NPN 7am - 7pm
S/O:  
Neuro:  Pt. very withdrawn this morning.  Following commands intermittently.  Nodding head, but nonverbal.  strength in arms decreased from yesterday.  Pt. unable to lift and hold, but moves both arms in the bed.  As the day progressed Pt. following commands more consistently and able to lift and hold left arm.  Opens eyes to voice, but sleeping most of the day.  PERRLA 3mm bilat.

Resp.:  Pt.'s breathing labored this morning.  NT suctioning done Q1hour.  Large amounts of yellow blood tinged secretions retrieved.  By 12 pm suctioning frequency was decreased to Q2 hours.  FiO2 was weaned from 100% to 60 %.  CPT done twice.  RR 24 - 32 appears less labored this evening.  Lung sounds are coarse.

I.D.:  Tmax 102 rectally this morning.  Blood cultures x2, urine culture, and sputum culture were sent.  Pt. was started on clindamycin and levoflox IV.  Tylenol given at 9am and 1pm.  Last temp 100.6 rectally.  Plan to start vanco tonight.  WBC's 8.0.

CVS:  HR 70 - 80's v paced with occ. VEA.  BP - 120 - 130 /70 's.  Hydralazine and lisinopril D/C'd.

G.I.:  dobhoff NGT in place.  ABD x-ray done this evening to determine if it is post pyloric.  Stylet remains in place.  Pt. NPO

G.U.:  creat. 3.5 u/o minimal.  Given 120 mg of IV lasix without improvement.  Zaroxyln and bumex given this evening.

Skin:  Buttocks appear to be improving.  Rash also improving.  Otherwise skin is intact.

A:  post head bleed, temp up

P:  Vanco to be added, monitor temp.  tylenol not to exceed 2gm/day as needed, antibx as written, assess neuro status for changes, monitor response to diuresis, assess hemodynamics.
",,
14905,11655,18522,,2932-03-10 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2932-3-10**] 11:06 PM
     CHEST (PORTABLE AP)                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 13315**]
     Reason: evaluate for pna, pulm edema                                
     Admitting Diagnosis: SAH;PNEUMONIA;TELEMETRY
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
             79 year old man with hypoxia, dyspnea                                    
       
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      evaluate for pna, pulm edema                                                    
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     INDICATIONS: Hypoxia and dyspnea. 
     
     PORTABLE AP CHEST: Comparison is made to previous films from  [**2932-3-9**].
     
     A permanent pacemaker and feeding tube remain in place. Cardiac and
     mediastinal contours are stable allowing for marked rotation of the patient.
     Allowing for extremely low lung volumes, there is no definite CHF or pneumonia
     present.
     
     IMPRESSION:   Limited study due to rotation and low lung volumes. No definite
     CHF or pneumonia, but repeat study with improved technique would be helpful
     for more complete assessment.

",,
14905,11655,18522,0,2932-03-10 05:14:00 EST,2932-03-10 05:32:00 EST,330,"N",1,"Nursing/Other","CCU NPN 1900-0700","
CCU NPN 1900-0700
O:  
neuro:  pt. is more responsive tonight: opens eyes spont. and also to name.  will state name and [**Hospital1 **] names. will not state place but he will nod yes when asked if he knows where he is.  moving left arm off bed spont. moving right arm on bed.  moving toes to command but is not moving legs spont. pupils 3mm and brisk. has very impaired gag. medium congested cough.

INR from [**3-9**]/eve 1.7.  plts 90,000

resp:  course upper BS with crackles at bases.  O2 weaned to 60% cool neb.  RR 19-23.  sats 98-99%.  did not req. suctioning until 0500, congested audible BS.  NT suction x2 for large amt of thick tan secretions.  second pass with BRB on catheter. 

ID:  TM 99.8R.  contin. on vanco, clinda and ceftaz. sputum Cx showing GPC in pairs. sputum/blood pnd.

CV:  HR 72 vpaced with occas. PVC.  BP 120-138/60-70.  all meds on hold because pt. is NPO.

GU:  foley draining 20-30cc/hr.  (+) 5L [**Location 6609**] in eve, no responce
GI:  (+) BS. no stool.  dobhoff feeding tube taped in place with wire still within tube:  waiting CXR confirmation that it is post pyloric(CXR done [**3-9**]).

skin:  no breakdown.  eccymosis on arms.  2 small bruises on buttocks.

A:  improved resp. status.  poor responce to diuresis. u/o improving slightly.  plts/INR stable. 
P:  need to start TF when placement confirmed.  ? restart CV meds.  NT suction as necessary.  CPT.  IVAB>  
",,
14905,11655,18522,0,2932-03-10 18:02:00 EST,2932-03-10 18:25:00 EST,96,"N",1,"Nursing/Other","ccu npn","
ccu npn
micu border
o- afebrile. clinda d/c'd, vanco and levo changed to renal dosing. 
sputum showed staph aureus, coag pos. urine staph species >100,000 w/further id to follow. placed on contact precautions. 
cv- hr 70s vpaced with occ to freq pvcs. bp 130-150s/. creat up to 4.1. 
resp- on 60%, increased to 100% cool face neb. l/s coarse to rhonchi thruout, dim. nt sx'd q1 to q1 and 1/2hrs for mod. to copious amts of thick tan bloody to bld tinged sputum. occ. cough, nonprod until after nt sx'd, then prod and yankauer sx'd back throat for lge amts of same. cpt done by cpt. 
u/o 35-90cc/hr, i+o neg about 500cc for today, pos. los. sats 93-98, occ down to 89-92 when needs sx'ing. 
gi- abd sl distended w/bowel sounds. pedi tube in correct position per xray, wire removed. had small-mod amts yellow bile leakage from tube. given meds and started on promote w/fiber at 10cc/hr this pm. no bm. bs 137-144, no coverage. 
ms/neuro- oriented x2, unable to understand words at times d/t congestion, able to answer sometimes with 1 word answers. moving extremities, esp. arms/hands. follows simple commands. 
skin- has blister l hip, otherwise intact. repos side to side q2-3hrs. 
cont. with [**Location (un) **] j collar, collar care done. has some extremity edema. pneumoboots on. sat up on edge of bed with pt. also s/b ot.
access- eval for picc placement and found to be a good candidate. 
social- fx in, updated on pt status and plan. 
a- cont to require freq nt sx'ing. 
p- cont. sx as needed. transfer to floor when nt sx requirement q4hrs or less. f/u picc placement tomorrow. oob to chair (slide or per pt) in am after picc. f/u c+s results, contact precautions. give bowel meds as ordered, ?lactulose.   
 
",,
14905,,18522,0,2932-03-11 03:15:00 EST,2932-03-11 03:26:00 EST,1073,"N",69,"Nursing/Other",,"

NPN 0300

EVENTS:RECIEVED PT FROM WEST CAMPUS VIA AMBULANCE (SEE CAREVIEW FOR ASSESSMENT DATA)PT APPEARED STABLE UNTIL 0200, WHEN HE BECAME TACHYPENIC, TACHYCARDIC AND HIS BP DROPPED DOWN TO 60'S SYSTOLICALLY.HO WAS CALLED TO THE BEDSIDE .HE WAS SUCTIONED FOR LARGE AMOUNT OF TAN /BLOOD TINGED SECRETIONS.A NNS FLUID BOLUS WAS STARTED TO ASSIST IN HIS PRESSURE, HE BECAME APNEIC AND PULSELESS.
",,
