SUBJECT_ID,HADM_ID,ICUSTAY_ID,ELEMID,CHARTTIME,REALTIME,CGID,CORRECTION,CUID,CATEGORY,TITLE,TEXT,EXAM_NAME,PATIENT_INFO
14497,,,,2581-06-02 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2581-6-2**] 8:42 PM
     CT ABDOMEN W/CONTRAST; CT PELVIS W/CONTRAST                     Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 9939**]
     CT 150CC NONIONIC CONTRAST; CT RECONSTRUCTION
     Reason: assess for evidence of colitits/abscess                     
      Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 150
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      31 year old man with crohn's and acute abd pain                                 
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      assess for evidence of colitits/abscess                                         
     No contraindications for IV contrast
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     WET READ: FKh SAT [**2581-6-2**] 9:40 PM
      There is mild proeminence of the small bowel with mild thickening of a few
      short segments of small bowel at a lesser extent then they were in [**3-1**]. The
      contrast reaches the colon and there is no definite obstruction.  Findings
      could represent mild chrons flare.
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     INDICATION: 31 year old male with Crohn's disease and abdominal pain. Assess
     for evidence of colitis or abscess.
     
     COMPARISON: The study is compared to [**2581-3-1**] and to [**2580-6-1**].
     
     TECHNIQUE: CT of the abdomen and pelvis with oral and IV contrast.
     
     Nonionic IV contrast was used due to patient's history of allergy.
     
     CT OF THE ABDOMEN WITH ORAL AND IV CONTRAST: Lung bases are clear. There are
     no pulmonary nodules or focal consolidations. There are no pleural effusions.
     There is no evidence of pericardial effusion. The 2 mm nodule in the left base
     seen on the previous study was not visualized in this study because it is not
     included in the examination.
     
     Again noted are the innumerable hypodense foci scattered throughout the spleen
     which are unchanged when compared to the study from [**2580**]. Again noted is the
     single enhancing focus that measures approximately 2 cm and is also unchanged
     when compared to the previous study. It most likely represents a hemangioma.
     The liver, gallbladder, pancreas, adrenal glands, kidneys and ureters are
     unremarkable. There is no intra or extrahepatic bile duct dilatation.
     
     A few loops of small bowel are slightly prominent and have some fluid levels.
     However, the contrast passes freely to the large bowel and there is no
     definite evidence of small bowel obstruction. There are a few short segments
     of small bowel that appear to be thickened. For example, the one on series 2
     image 51 and the one on series 2 image 54. They were involved in the previous
     Crohn's flair in [**2581-3-1**]. There is no definite evidence of small
     bowel obstruction, but cannot rule out early low grade partial small bowel
     obstruction. There is no free fluid or free air in the abdomen. There are
     multiple mesenteric lymph nodes that are increased in number, but not in size.
     
     CT OF THE PELVIS WITH ORAL AND IV CONTRAST: There are again noted the findings
     commented about the small bowel. The large bowel appears unremarkable.
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**2581-6-2**] 8:42 PM
     CT ABDOMEN W/CONTRAST; CT PELVIS W/CONTRAST                     Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 9939**]
     CT 150CC NONIONIC CONTRAST; CT RECONSTRUCTION
     Reason: assess for evidence of colitits/abscess                     
      Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 150
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     The prostate, distal ureters and urinary bladder are unremarkable. There is
     small pelvic lymph nodes that do not meet CT criteria for pathology.
     
     BONE WINDOWS: There are no suspicious lytic or blastic lesions. No evidence of
     sacral iliitis. There is mild left convex scoliosis of the lumbar spine.
     
     IMPRESSION:
     1. Mild thickening of short segment of small bowel could represent an acute
     flair or resolving flair from [**3-1**]. The small bowel is also slightly
     prominent with some fluid levels. Although the contrast reached the cecum
     freely, cannot rule out stenosis causing low grade partial small bowel
     obstruction.
     
     2. Stable mesenteric adenopathy likely related to Crohn's disease.
     
     3. Stable hypodense areas in the spleen which may be related to patient's
     history of equinococus infection. Enhancing foci in the spleen likely
     represents hemangioma and is unchanged when compared to the prior study.
     
     
     

",,
14497,,,,2581-06-02 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2581-6-2**] 4:41 PM
     ACUTE ABD SERIES ([**3-6**] VIEWS OF ABD & SGL CHEST VIEW)            Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 9938**]
     Reason: pt w/ abd pain                                              
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      31 year old man with abd pain, hx of chrons                                     
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      pt w/ abd pain                                                                  
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     INDICATION:  Abdominal pain.  h/o Crohn's disease.
     
     COMPARISON:  NONE.
     
     AP UPRIGHT VIEW OF CHEST, AP & UPRIGHT ABDOMEN:
     
     The bowel gas pattern is non-specific.  No air fluid levels or dilated loops
     of bowel are present.  There is no intraperitoneal free air. No soft tissue
     masses are present.
     
     The heart and mediastinal contours are normal.  The lungs are clear.  No
     pleural effusions or pneumothorax is identified.
     
     IMPRESSION:  Non-specific bowel gas pattern without evidence of obstruction or
     intraperitoneal free air.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
     
     

",,
14497,,,,2581-06-02 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2581-6-2**] 8:42 PM
     CT ABDOMEN W/CONTRAST; CT PELVIS W/CONTRAST                     Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 9939**]
     CT 150CC NONIONIC CONTRAST; CT RECONSTRUCTION
     Reason: assess for evidence of colitits/abscess                     
      Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 150
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      31 year old man with crohn's and acute abd pain                                 
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      assess for evidence of colitits/abscess                                         
     No contraindications for IV contrast
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     WET READ: FKh SAT [**2581-6-2**] 9:40 PM
      There is mild proeminence of the small bowel with mild thickening of a few
      short segments of small bowel at a lesser extent then they were in [**3-1**]. The
      contrast reaches the colon and there is no definite obstruction.  Findings
      could represent mild chrons flare.
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     INDICATION: 31 year old male with Crohn's disease and abdominal pain. Assess
     for evidence of colitis or abscess.
     
     COMPARISON: The study is compared to [**2581-3-1**] and to [**2580-6-1**].
     
     TECHNIQUE: CT of the abdomen and pelvis with oral and IV contrast.
     
     Nonionic IV contrast was used due to patient's history of allergy.
     
     CT OF THE ABDOMEN WITH ORAL AND IV CONTRAST: Lung bases are clear. There are
     no pulmonary nodules or focal consolidations. There are no pleural effusions.
     There is no evidence of pericardial effusion. The 2 mm nodule in the left base
     seen on the previous study was not visualized in this study because it is not
     included in the examination.
     
     Again noted are the innumerable hypodense foci scattered throughout the spleen
     which are unchanged when compared to the study from [**2580**]. Again noted is the
     single enhancing focus that measures approximately 2 cm and is also unchanged
     when compared to the previous study. It most likely represents a hemangioma.
     The liver, gallbladder, pancreas, adrenal glands, kidneys and ureters are
     unremarkable. There is no intra or extrahepatic bile duct dilatation.
     
     A few loops of small bowel are slightly prominent and have some fluid levels.
     However, the contrast passes freely to the large bowel and there is no
     definite evidence of small bowel obstruction. There are a few short segments
     of small bowel that appear to be thickened. For example, the one on series 2
     image 51 and the one on series 2 image 54. They were involved in the previous
     Crohn's flair in [**2581-3-1**]. There is no definite evidence of small
     bowel obstruction, but cannot rule out early low grade partial small bowel
     obstruction. There is no free fluid or free air in the abdomen. There are
     multiple mesenteric lymph nodes that are increased in number, but not in size.
     
     CT OF THE PELVIS WITH ORAL AND IV CONTRAST: There are again noted the findings
     commented about the small bowel. The large bowel appears unremarkable.
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**2581-6-2**] 8:42 PM
     CT ABDOMEN W/CONTRAST; CT PELVIS W/CONTRAST                     Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 9939**]
     CT 150CC NONIONIC CONTRAST; CT RECONSTRUCTION
     Reason: assess for evidence of colitits/abscess                     
      Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 150
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     The prostate, distal ureters and urinary bladder are unremarkable. There is
     small pelvic lymph nodes that do not meet CT criteria for pathology.
     
     BONE WINDOWS: There are no suspicious lytic or blastic lesions. No evidence of
     sacral iliitis. There is mild left convex scoliosis of the lumbar spine.
     
     IMPRESSION:
     1. Mild thickening of short segment of small bowel could represent an acute
     flair or resolving flair from [**3-1**]. The small bowel is also slightly
     prominent with some fluid levels. Although the contrast reached the cecum
     freely, cannot rule out stenosis causing low grade partial small bowel
     obstruction.
     
     2. Stable mesenteric adenopathy likely related to Crohn's disease.
     
     3. Stable hypodense areas in the spleen which may be related to patient's
     history of equinococus infection. Enhancing foci in the spleen likely
     represents hemangioma and is unchanged when compared to the prior study.
     
     
     

",,
14497,,,,2581-06-02 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2581-6-2**] 8:42 PM
     CT ABDOMEN W/CONTRAST; CT PELVIS W/CONTRAST                     Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 9939**]
     CT 150CC NONIONIC CONTRAST; CT RECONSTRUCTION
     Reason: assess for evidence of colitits/abscess                     
      Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 150
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      31 year old man with crohn's and acute abd pain                                 
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      assess for evidence of colitits/abscess                                         
     No contraindications for IV contrast
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     WET READ: FKh SAT [**2581-6-2**] 9:40 PM
      There is mild proeminence of the small bowel with mild thickening of a few
      short segments of small bowel at a lesser extent then they were in [**3-1**]. The
      contrast reaches the colon and there is no definite obstruction.  Findings
      could represent mild chrons flare.
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     INDICATION: 31 year old male with Crohn's disease and abdominal pain. Assess
     for evidence of colitis or abscess.
     
     COMPARISON: The study is compared to [**2581-3-1**] and to [**2580-6-1**].
     
     TECHNIQUE: CT of the abdomen and pelvis with oral and IV contrast.
     
     Nonionic IV contrast was used due to patient's history of allergy.
     
     CT OF THE ABDOMEN WITH ORAL AND IV CONTRAST: Lung bases are clear. There are
     no pulmonary nodules or focal consolidations. There are no pleural effusions.
     There is no evidence of pericardial effusion. The 2 mm nodule in the left base
     seen on the previous study was not visualized in this study because it is not
     included in the examination.
     
     Again noted are the innumerable hypodense foci scattered throughout the spleen
     which are unchanged when compared to the study from [**2580**]. Again noted is the
     single enhancing focus that measures approximately 2 cm and is also unchanged
     when compared to the previous study. It most likely represents a hemangioma.
     The liver, gallbladder, pancreas, adrenal glands, kidneys and ureters are
     unremarkable. There is no intra or extrahepatic bile duct dilatation.
     
     A few loops of small bowel are slightly prominent and have some fluid levels.
     However, the contrast passes freely to the large bowel and there is no
     definite evidence of small bowel obstruction. There are a few short segments
     of small bowel that appear to be thickened. For example, the one on series 2
     image 51 and the one on series 2 image 54. They were involved in the previous
     Crohn's flair in [**2581-3-1**]. There is no definite evidence of small
     bowel obstruction, but cannot rule out early low grade partial small bowel
     obstruction. There is no free fluid or free air in the abdomen. There are
     multiple mesenteric lymph nodes that are increased in number, but not in size.
     
     CT OF THE PELVIS WITH ORAL AND IV CONTRAST: There are again noted the findings
     commented about the small bowel. The large bowel appears unremarkable.
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**2581-6-2**] 8:42 PM
     CT ABDOMEN W/CONTRAST; CT PELVIS W/CONTRAST                     Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 9939**]
     CT 150CC NONIONIC CONTRAST; CT RECONSTRUCTION
     Reason: assess for evidence of colitits/abscess                     
      Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 150
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     The prostate, distal ureters and urinary bladder are unremarkable. There is
     small pelvic lymph nodes that do not meet CT criteria for pathology.
     
     BONE WINDOWS: There are no suspicious lytic or blastic lesions. No evidence of
     sacral iliitis. There is mild left convex scoliosis of the lumbar spine.
     
     IMPRESSION:
     1. Mild thickening of short segment of small bowel could represent an acute
     flair or resolving flair from [**3-1**]. The small bowel is also slightly
     prominent with some fluid levels. Although the contrast reached the cecum
     freely, cannot rule out stenosis causing low grade partial small bowel
     obstruction.
     
     2. Stable mesenteric adenopathy likely related to Crohn's disease.
     
     3. Stable hypodense areas in the spleen which may be related to patient's
     history of equinococus infection. Enhancing foci in the spleen likely
     represents hemangioma and is unchanged when compared to the prior study.
     
     
     

",,
14497,,,,2581-06-02 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2581-6-2**] 8:42 PM
     CT ABDOMEN W/CONTRAST; CT PELVIS W/CONTRAST                     Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 9939**]
     CT 150CC NONIONIC CONTRAST; CT RECONSTRUCTION
     Reason: assess for evidence of colitits/abscess                     
      Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 150
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      31 year old man with crohn's and acute abd pain                                 
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      assess for evidence of colitits/abscess                                         
     No contraindications for IV contrast
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     WET READ: FKh SAT [**2581-6-2**] 9:40 PM
      There is mild proeminence of the small bowel with mild thickening of a few
      short segments of small bowel at a lesser extent then they were in [**3-1**]. The
      contrast reaches the colon and there is no definite obstruction.  Findings
      could represent mild chrons flare.
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     INDICATION: 31 year old male with Crohn's disease and abdominal pain. Assess
     for evidence of colitis or abscess.
     
     COMPARISON: The study is compared to [**2581-3-1**] and to [**2580-6-1**].
     
     TECHNIQUE: CT of the abdomen and pelvis with oral and IV contrast.
     
     Nonionic IV contrast was used due to patient's history of allergy.
     
     CT OF THE ABDOMEN WITH ORAL AND IV CONTRAST: Lung bases are clear. There are
     no pulmonary nodules or focal consolidations. There are no pleural effusions.
     There is no evidence of pericardial effusion. The 2 mm nodule in the left base
     seen on the previous study was not visualized in this study because it is not
     included in the examination.
     
     Again noted are the innumerable hypodense foci scattered throughout the spleen
     which are unchanged when compared to the study from [**2580**]. Again noted is the
     single enhancing focus that measures approximately 2 cm and is also unchanged
     when compared to the previous study. It most likely represents a hemangioma.
     The liver, gallbladder, pancreas, adrenal glands, kidneys and ureters are
     unremarkable. There is no intra or extrahepatic bile duct dilatation.
     
     A few loops of small bowel are slightly prominent and have some fluid levels.
     However, the contrast passes freely to the large bowel and there is no
     definite evidence of small bowel obstruction. There are a few short segments
     of small bowel that appear to be thickened. For example, the one on series 2
     image 51 and the one on series 2 image 54. They were involved in the previous
     Crohn's flair in [**2581-3-1**]. There is no definite evidence of small
     bowel obstruction, but cannot rule out early low grade partial small bowel
     obstruction. There is no free fluid or free air in the abdomen. There are
     multiple mesenteric lymph nodes that are increased in number, but not in size.
     
     CT OF THE PELVIS WITH ORAL AND IV CONTRAST: There are again noted the findings
     commented about the small bowel. The large bowel appears unremarkable.
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**2581-6-2**] 8:42 PM
     CT ABDOMEN W/CONTRAST; CT PELVIS W/CONTRAST                     Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 9939**]
     CT 150CC NONIONIC CONTRAST; CT RECONSTRUCTION
     Reason: assess for evidence of colitits/abscess                     
      Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 150
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     The prostate, distal ureters and urinary bladder are unremarkable. There is
     small pelvic lymph nodes that do not meet CT criteria for pathology.
     
     BONE WINDOWS: There are no suspicious lytic or blastic lesions. No evidence of
     sacral iliitis. There is mild left convex scoliosis of the lumbar spine.
     
     IMPRESSION:
     1. Mild thickening of short segment of small bowel could represent an acute
     flair or resolving flair from [**3-1**]. The small bowel is also slightly
     prominent with some fluid levels. Although the contrast reached the cecum
     freely, cannot rule out stenosis causing low grade partial small bowel
     obstruction.
     
     2. Stable mesenteric adenopathy likely related to Crohn's disease.
     
     3. Stable hypodense areas in the spleen which may be related to patient's
     history of equinococus infection. Enhancing foci in the spleen likely
     represents hemangioma and is unchanged when compared to the prior study.
     
     
     

",,
14497,1148,,,2581-06-03 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"DISCHARGE_SUMMARY",,"

Admission Date: [**2581-6-3**]        Discharge Date: [**2581-6-7**]

Date of Birth:  [**2550-3-20**]        Sex:  M

Service:  MED


CHIEF COMPLAINT:  Abdominal pain.

This is a 31-year-old gentleman with longstanding history of
Crohn's disease since age 12 years, status post ileo
resection and ileocolic anastomosis.  The patient was
recently admitted in [**2581-2-1**] for a Crohn's flare and has
been on the steroid taper since his discharge.  One week
prior to admission, his prednisone was decreased from 20 mg
to 10 mg, and on the day prior to admission, the patient
developed mild discomfort in his abdomen then extreme pain
with nausea and vomiting today.  The patient denied any
diarrhea or bright red blood per rectum.  His last bowel
movement was this morning.  The pain is located in the
periumbilical area radiating diffusely.  Of note, the patient
has a new rash that started in his ears as mild pruritus.  He
noted what was thought to be pimples that exposed to mild
fluid initially in his ear.  The rash has not progressed to
his neck, back, and chest.  The patient has had recent travel
to [**Country 10748**], but is not fully coming about the details of his
trip.

Of note, the patient was given morphine in the ED for pain
control and developed urinary retention.

PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  Crohn's disease times 12 years.  The
patient has had immunosuppression with 6-MP and has also been
recently on the steroid taper.

Ileal resection with ileocolic anastomosis and small bowel
stricture.

Iron deficiency anemia.

Lactose intolerance.

Status post appendectomy.

Colonoscopy in [**2580-4-1**].

Prior cryptococcal infection involving spleen.

ALLERGIES:  No known drug allergies.

CURRENT MEDICATIONS:
1. Prednisone 10 mg q.d.
2. Protonix 40 mg q.d.
3. 6-MP 100 mg q.h.s.
4. Methenamine 250 mg four capsules q.i.d.
5. Entocort 9 mg p.o. q.d.
6. Imodium one capsule t.i.d.


SOCIAL HISTORY:  Smokes half pack per day.  He has been a
smoker since [**22**] years.  The patient drinks one to two beers
per day.

PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  On admission, vital signs, temperature
97.0, heart rate 80, and blood pressure 135/75.  Generally,
the patient was uncomfortable appearing, but in no acute
distress.  HEENT:  Moist mucous membranes.  Oropharynx is
clear.  Pupils equal, round, reactive to light.  Extraocular
movements are intact.  Neck was supple without
lymphadenopathy.  Cardiovascular:  Regular rate.  S1 and S2.
No murmurs, rubs, or gallops.  Pulmonary:  Clear to
auscultation bilaterally.  Abdomen:  Normal bowel sounds,
soft, mild pain on palpation in the periumbilical region.  No
significant distention.  No rebound or guarding.
Extremities:  No clubbing, cyanosis, or edema.  Two plus
pulses bilaterally.  Neurologically:  Alert and oriented
times 3.  Skin exam shows 2-3 mm papules over neck, back, and
chest.  Mildly pruritic and nontender.

LABORATORY DATA:  Labs on admission, white blood count was
5.4 with 86 neutrophils, 11 bands, and 1 plasma cell.
Hematocrit was 40.1 and platelets are 246.  chemistry, sodium
141, potassium 4.3, chloride 105, bicarb 26, bun 8,
creatinine 0.7, and glucose 109.  ALT is 150, AST 90,
alkaline phosphatase 58, LDH 328, total bilirubin is 1.1,
lipase 20, and amylase 63.  UA was negative.  CT of the
abdomen and pelvis showed prominence of small bowel with mild
thickening and a very few short segments.  Less extensive
thickening than in [**2581-2-1**].  No evidence of obstruction.

HOSPITAL COURSE:  This is a 31-year-old male with abdominal
pain initially thought to be a Crohn's flare.  However, over
the next 24 hours after admission, the patient developed
hypoxia and respiratory distress as well as worsening
abdominal pain.  On the following day after admission, again
clinical course was declining.  The patient was seen by the
infectious disease, GI, and hematology oncology consultants.
That night the patient did develop the transaminitis with ALT
to 674 and AST 754 with an LDH of 861, and total bilirubin
1.6, pt 13.1, PTT 29.2, and INR of 1.1.  D-dimer was found to
be greater than 10, 000.  At this time, the transaminitis in
the setting of the rash was concerning for a viral etiology.
Hep serologies were checked in addition to CMV, EBV, and an
acute HIV infection.  Other serologies, such as
toxoplasmosis, cryptococcus, VDV, and HSV were also
considered.  There is a thought that the patient's
immunocompromised status under section PN steroid use might
make him more susceptible to had seminate with zoster.  Again
that night, the patient was started on vancomycin for
possible skin infection and doxycycline for question of tick
borne diseases.  on Cipro and Flagyl for a possible Crohn's
flare, on acyclovir for possible seminated zoster, and on
amphotericin for a possible histo.  Dermatology acutely saw
the patient on the night of [**2581-6-4**], and noted a
micropapular blenching rash, which was thought to be a viral
exanthem.  TSA was performed showing evidence of varicella
zoster virus.  Of note, medical team was informed that the
patient had never had chickenpox, and this is a primary
disseminated varicella infection.  The hematology consult
obtained on the night of [**2581-6-4**], was on the setting of
thrombocytopenia, there was some concern for symptoms of
process such as a cord, splenomegaly, or destruction by an
immune mediated system such as a viral infection.  Diagnosis
such as GIC, HUS-TPP were considered.  Coagulations had
currently been stable.  A smear was reviewed and showed no
evidence of cystocytes and hypertension was elevated.  There
was again some concern for DIC and the patient's platelets,
coagulations, LDH, and fibrinogen were followed closely.
Again that night, the patient significantly decompensated and
had evidence of respiratory distress.  The patient was
transferred to MICU on the night of [**2581-6-4**].

Overnight in the MICU, the patient remained relatively
stable.  However, he again have evidence of hyper and
hypothermia.  The patient's respiratory status remained
stable.  However, the patient began to require increasing
levels of oxygen.  The patient's O2 saturation was
approximately 90 percent on a 10 liter V-stent.  In addition,
the patient was noted to be tachycardic with heart rate in
the 140s.  On [**2581-6-5**], which is hospital day 3, but MICU
day 1, the patient was noted to have significant abnormality
in his labs.  ALT increased to 35.73, AST increased 53.23,
alkaline phosphatase just 180, and total bilirubin increased
to 5.8.  There is evidence of mild renal failure.  Platelets
declined to 23, haptoglobin was less than 20, and fibrinogen
was 94.

At this point, hepatitis serologies returned negative,
cryptococcal antigen was negative, RPR was non-reactive, CMC
was negative, toxo was negative, Histoplasma capsulatum
antigen was negative, DFA for HSV was negative.  However, DFA
for VZV became positive and IgG for VZV was negative
consistent with primary varicella infection.  At this point,
the patient's antibiotics were readjusted.  The patient was
given high doses of acyclovir.  Other antibiotics were
discontinued.  In addition, secondary to respiratory
distress, the patient was intubated for worsening hypoxia.
After intubation, the patient became hypotensive and received
aggressive fluid resuscitation with 12 liters fluid,
initially normal saline, and subsequently lactate ringers.
The patient was started on Levophed for hypotension and
despite full it does not remained around 55.  The patient
subsequently became difficult to oxygenate, and ventilator
settings were adjusted to maintain pao2 in 70s to 80s.

The patient's pulmonary status on hospital day 4, the patient
was significantly difficult to oxygenate.  Paralytics were
used to help ease the work of breathing.  The patient's chest
films and pao2 to fio2 ratio were consistent with ARDS.  The
patient was proned to assist with improvements on oxygenation
and this initially helped.  However, the patient became
hypoxic again and was reproned.  Regarding the patient's
liver failure, LFTS continued to rise, chlorides continued to
rise, and renal failure worsened.  The patient did have some
evidence of DIC and was transfused cryo for fibrinogen less
than 100.  The patient was continued to be treated with
acyclovir.  However, given repeated fevers, the patient was
also started on cefepime and on vancomycin.  Regarding his
renal failure and multiple issues, the patient's acidosis was
thought to be to secondary to shock versus tissue necrosis
versus renal failure versus electrolyte abnormalities.  The
vent was adjusted to compensate for pH.  The patient was
given large doses of bicarbonates to adjust his acidosis.
ABG at that time was 7.14, 38, and 86.

Regarding his acute renal failure, the patient's bun and
creatinine continued to rise despite fluids.  There was some
thought about initiating CVVH, and ultimately a catheter was
placed by the renal team.  On the hospital day next, the
patient was significantly hypoxic with pao2 in 37 with
increasing difficulty to oxygenate.  Prior to this time, the
patient had been ruled in an esophageal balloon study to help
determine adequate peak.  The patient secondary to ventilator
protective strategies under the Argonaut protocol,  the
patient had been receiving higher doses of PEEP to improve
oxygenation.  However, on this day the patient developed
evidence of pneumomediastinum.  The patient was proned with
slight improvements in his po2.

Other issues, the patient's acidosis continued to worsen.
His hypotension, however, improved with the patient remained
pressor dependent.  Further imaging was performed in order to
understand etiology of liver failure.  Ultrasound showed
clots in the portal vein, decreased splenic vein flow, patent
hepatic veins, and IVC.  The patient was started on low-dose
heparin.  There is some concern that there is evidence of
hypercoagulable state.  Again at this time, the patient
remains intubated on four pressors with increasing difficulty
oxygenating.  The patient's transaminases continued to rise
as well as coagulopathy worsening and renal failure
worsening.  A lactate measured on this day was 26.  Regarding
his problem, his hypoxia and respiratory failure was thought
to be due to varicella pneumonitis.  The patient is on the
ventilator with Argonaut protocol in the setting of
pneumomediastinum, and there was concern for pneumothorax.
At this point, it was thought to put him prophylactic chest
tubes in the setting of the patient was to develop a
pneumothorax.  However, the patient's clinical status
declined secondary to multisystem organ failure before this
could be initiated.

The running of hypotension and shock; this was thought to be
septic shock.  The patient is currently on three pressors,
and blood pressure was responsive to volume resuscitation as
well as bicarbonate, but there is lot significant concern for
volume overload and pulmonary edema.  Regarding the patient's
hepatic failure, hence the secondary to disseminated
varicella, again transaminases continued to rise.  The
patient has evidence of venous obstruction and was started on
anticoagulation.  Regarding his disseminated varicella, the
patient was given renal doses of acyclovir.  Other micro data
remained negative to date.  Regarding his heme issues, he is
concerned for DIC and thrombocytopenia.  The patient was
transfused cryo; some thought about starting heparin versus
Argatroban.  It was thought that with the significant liver
dysfunction, the patient may not have enough a T3 function.
However, heparin was initiated until this issue was sorted
out.  Regarding his renal issues, acidosis continued to
worsen, electrolyte abnormalities persisted despite
aggressive correction and acute renal failure worsened.
Catheter was placed with CVVH the day before, and the patient
was initiated on CVVH to assist with volume overload.

Later that afternoon, the patient became progressively
hypoxic despite aggressive efforts to improve oxygenation.
Again CVVH had been started that day to help reduce volume to
improve oxygenation status.  Approximately, 15-20 minutes
prior to the patient's death, heart rate was in the 170s naps
were in 50s and began to decrease.  The patient had
increasing evidence of ectopy.  The patient's code status had
been changed two days prior to do not resuscitate.  Again
patient's NAPS and heart rate continued to drop.  The patient
was given 1 mg of epinephrine and then atropine.  The
patient's dopamine was increased.  Volume resuscitation was
begun without improvement in heart rate or bp.  NAPS
continued to decline despite all medical efforts.  Family at
that time did not want further shocks or defibrillations and
at 6 p.m. on [**2581-6-7**], the patient expired.

DISCHARGE DIAGNOSES:  Disseminated primary varicella
infection causing hepatic failure, pneumonitis, and the renal
failure.

Acute renal failure.

Hepatic failure.

Pneumonitis progressing to ARDS.

Hypoxia.

Septic shock.

Hypotension requiring multiple pressor support.

Hyperkalemia.

Hyperphosphatemia.

Hypocalcemia.

Hyperglycemia.

DIC with evidence of venous obstruction.

Thrombocytopenia.

Anemia.

Metabolic acidosis.

History of Crohn's disease.



                        [**First Name11 (Name Pattern1) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) **], [**MD Number 10749**]

Dictated By:[**Name8 (MD) 532**]
MEDQUIST36
D:  [**2581-7-12**] 08:42:57
T:  [**2581-7-12**] 12:51:32
Job#:  [**Job Number **]
Signed electronically by: DR. [**First Name8 (NamePattern2) 175**] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) **]
 on: FRI [**2581-9-7**] 12:22 PM
(End of Report)


",,
14497,1148,,,2581-06-04 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2581-6-4**] 4:48 PM
     CHEST (PORTABLE AP)                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 9940**]
     Reason: any evidence of infiltrate or pulmonary edema               
     Admitting Diagnosis: CROHN'S FLARE
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      31 year old man with hypoxia, fever, thrombocytopenia, and shortness of breath. 
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      any evidence of infiltrate or pulmonary edema                                   
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     CHEST:
     
     INDICATION:  Fever, hypoxia, thrombocytopenia.  Check for pulmonary edema or
     infiltrate.
     
     FINDINGS:  A single AP upright image is provided.  There is evidence of ill-
     defined consolidation in the basal segments of the right lower lobe and also
     to a lesser extent in the basal segments of the left lower lobe.  The heart is
     not enlarged.  The pulmonary vessels are normal.  There is no evidence of
     pleural effusion.
     
     IMPRESSION:  Findings are consistent with bilateral lower lobar consolidation,
     presumably pneumonic.  Follow-up images are recommended with PA and lateral
     views.

",,
14497,1148,18018,,2581-06-05 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2581-6-5**] 9:40 PM
     CHEST (PORTABLE AP)                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 9943**]
     Reason: evaluate for interval changes,                              
     Admitting Diagnosis: CROHN'S FLARE
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
          31 year old man with disseminated VZV resp failure. Intubated , more 
      hypoxic and acidotic              
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      evaluate for interval changes,                                                  
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     HISTORY:  Disseminated VZV infection.  Increasing hypoxia.
     
     COMPARISON:  Six hours earlier.
     
     FINDINGS:  AP portable semi-upright view.  The endotracheal tube and right
     internal jugular central venous catheter remain in stable position.  The heart
     and mediastinum appear stable.  Innumerable small nodular opacities which are
     diffusely distributed throughout the lungs are again noted.  Since the prior
     study, they have become more confluent in the mid and lower lung zones,
     bilaterally.  Bilateral pleural effusions are also now present.  The
     visualized osseous structures appear stable.
     
     IMPRESSION:  Worsening varicella pneumonia with bilateral pleural effusions.

",,
14497,1148,18018,,2581-06-05 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2581-6-5**] 2:28 PM
     CHEST (PORTABLE AP)                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 9942**]
     Reason: just intubated, check ETT placement                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CROHN'S FLARE
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
         31 year old man with disseminated VZV resp failure. Intubated                
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      just intubated, check ETT placement                                             
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     INDICATION:  31 y/o man with disseminated Varicella Zoster.  Now with
     respiratory failure.  Check ET placement.
     
     AP SUPINE SINGLE VIEW OF THE CHEST:  Compared to radiograph of the same day 7
     hours earlier.
     
     FINDINGS: The heart is of normal size.  The mediastinal and hilar contours are
     within normal limits.  ET tube is located approximately 4-5 cm in the carina.
     There is a right IJ central line with tip in the lower SVC.  There is no
     evidence of pneumothorax.  The interval rapid progression of diffuse nodular
     opacities which is consistent with varicella pneumonia.  A more confluent area
     of opacities in the right middle and lower lung zones that could represent
     superimposed aspiration vs. pneumonia.  There are no pleural effusions.
     
     IMPRESSION:
     Rapidely progressive diffuse nodular opacities are consistent with the
     clinical diagnosis of varicella zoster pneumonia.  Radiographically the
     differential diagnosis would include other viral pneumonias and PCP.
     
     
     
     

",,
14497,1148,18018,,2581-06-05 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2581-6-5**] 5:52 AM
     CHEST (PORTABLE AP)                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 9941**]
     Reason: eval for pna or effusion                                    
     Admitting Diagnosis: CROHN'S FLARE
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
       31 year old man with hypoxia, fever, thrombocytopenia, and shortness of 
      breath. 
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      eval for pna or effusion                                                        
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     INDICATION:  Fever, hypoxia and thrombocytopenia.  Check for pneumonia or
     effusion.
     
     FINDINGS:  A single AP semiupright image.  Comparison is made with the
     examination of [**2581-6-4**].  There is again evidence of ill-defined patchy
     consolidation in the basal segments of the right lower lobe and the left lower
     lobe.  There is also a suspicion of some ill-defined consolidation in the
     right upper lobe centrally.  These findings are again consistent with
     multifocal pneumonia. Standard PA and left lateral views are recommended.
     
     IMPRESSION:
     
     Multifocal consolidations involving the right lower lobe, left lower lobe, and
     right upper lobe.  These could be pneumonic.  Standard PA and left lateral
     upright views are recommended.

",,
14497,1148,18018,,2581-06-05 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


",,
14497,1148,18018,,2581-06-05 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


",,
14497,1148,18018,0,2581-06-05 05:22:00 EST,2581-06-05 05:56:00 EST,2783,"N",69,"Nursing/Other","Nursing Admit/Progress Note 2310-0700","
Nursing Admit/Progress Note 2310-0700
This 31yo man was admitted to [**Hospital1 10**] from home on [**6-2**] with C/O acute onset abd pain, N/V, rash, low grade fever. He had just returned from [**Country **]. His wife is a teacher(and pregnant, due in July), and they have a 10mo old child. Pt reports never having had the Chickenpox. PMH include Crohn's X many years, ileal resection, appi, splenic cyptococcal infection, iron def anemia. 
On [**Hospital Ward Name **] 7, pt with increasing lethargy, back pain. O2 sat on RA decreaseing from high 90's->low 80's. ABG 7.38/42/61. Pt admitted to MICU-A for neg pressure room isolation, further work-up/tx.

Review of Systems:

Neuro: Pt lethargic, C/O feeling ""completely wiped out"". Oriented X 3, following commands consistently, although freq removing O2 mask. Turning self STS in bed, restless. MAEE with good muscle strength. Initially C/O upper/mid back pain, since diminished and now with only C/O abd discomfort. Tx'd with Dilaudid ~ 2mg/hr with fair->good results. No C/O HA, light sensitivity.

Resp: Sating mid 90's on face tent, however pt freq removes mask despite requests not to and sat decreases to low 80's. RR 12-27 and regular. Lungs with insp wheezes throughout, diminished @ left base. Espectorating small amts bloody, white secretions.

CV: HR 139-157ST without ectopy. BP 121/89-144/68. Unable to obtain AM [**Name8 (MD) 6169**], MD aware.

GI: Taking sips of water. Intermit C/O nausea, spitting up small amts bloody secretions. Rec'd Zofran 4mg X 2 with fair results. Abd soft, bowel snds present. Pt feels he needs to move bowels, but doesn't want to use bedpan.

GU: Urine bloody, spec sent for CX. Foley draining 10-60ml/hr. Pt receiving 150ml/hr NS.

ID: Pt rec'd Cipro, Flagyl. Initial test dose of Amphotericin B infused without reaction. Pt to receive Benadryl before full dose. Pt initially with temp 101.1po-> 95.5 @ 0400-> 97.1ax @ 0500. Pt is constantly diaphoretic, cool, clammy. Rash weepy on trunk, face, neck.

Plan: Cont antibiotic TX. Allow pt OOB to commode to move bowels. Pt will need additional IV access to keep up with IV Tx. 
",,
14497,1148,18018,0,2581-06-05 13:51:00 EST,2581-06-05 14:09:00 EST,2463,"N",69,"Nursing/Other",,"

See carevue for objective data.

Alert and oriented until sedated on proprofol this afternoon. Restless/slightly tachypneic most of AM with O2 sats in the high 80's and low 90's. ABG 7.28 PO2 64. Coughing up blood tinged sputum as well. L/S coarse. C/O back pain when moving. Restless and difficult to keep high flow O2 on pt despite constant reminding. Decision made to intubate to secure airway for pt has multiple mouth/pharnyx ulcers with marginal sats. #7 ETT placed with 20 mg etomindate IV. Placement confirmed with CO2 detector,breath sounds bilaterally and XRAY. Bloody secretions suctioned from airway. See carevue flowsheet for current vent settings. Pt prepped for intubation and central line placement with platelets/cryo/FFP prior to procedure. Tolerated intubation well.
Platelets this AM 36. INR 2.4. Liver enzymes extremely elevated. CR 1.6. Poor urine output. Blood in urine as well. + DIC. Fibrinogen 94.
Culture + varicella. CXR demonstrates pneumonia(s)>varicella in nature(?). Most of antibiotics dc'd.
ABD US ordered for AM in lieu of new liver failure. 
Awaiting team to place arterial line.

Wife called and is aware of events of the day. Spoke to husband prior to intubation. 

See carevue flowsheet for VS/most recent labs/I&O.



",,
14497,1148,18018,0,2581-06-05 16:24:00 EST,2581-06-05 16:28:00 EST,2463,"N",69,"Nursing/Other",,"

Addendum:
Pt meets new sepsis protocol. Lactic acid 3.5. Being bolused with 500cc NS until CVP >12. See CareVue for new vent changes. PM Cr 2.5.
CA repleted. Fentanyl gtt for pain control. 
Central line OK to use. Arterial line place by team as well. 
Varicella lesions oozing. 
",,
14497,1148,18018,0,2581-06-05 17:47:00 EST,2581-06-05 17:54:00 EST,2999,"N",69,"Nursing/Other",,"

Resp Tx Note:

Pt is 31 YO Man who recently returned fro trip to [**Country **]. He has a HX of [**Last Name (un) 6170**] disease and was admitted to [**Hospital1 10**] for abdominal pain. Soon after admission he developed o pervasive rash which has proved + for vericella. oupled with the emergence of hepatic insufficiency and findings consistent with chicken-pox pneumonia led to elective intubatrion. about 330 PM today.  Originally placed on 100% O2 with 5 PeeP 700x16 AC, ABG were acidotic with combined met and resp causes. Settings were modified to ac 500 x 24 with increased PEEP and plan to lower fiO2 as tolerated to goal of 60% .
",,
14497,1148,18018,,2581-06-06 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2581-6-6**] 6:17 PM
     LIVER OR GALLBLADDER US (SINGLE ORGAN); DUPLEX DOPP ABD/PEL PORTClip # [**Telephone/Fax (1) 9944**]
     Reason: ABD PAIN RISING TRANSAMINASES
     Admitting Diagnosis: CROHN'S FLARE
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      31 year old man with h/o Crohn's disease, admitted with abdominal pain and 
      rising transaminases.
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      please r/o portal vein thrombosis or biliary obstruction                        
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     HISTORY: Crohn's disease, abdominal pain and elevated transaminase.
     
     RIGHT UPPER QUADRANT ULTRASOUND:  There are no focal hepatic lesions.  There
     is a small amount of pericholecystic fluid, but no distention of the
     gallbladder or stones. The common bile duct is not dilated, and measures 3 mm.
     There is a small amount of free fluid adjacent to the liver.  The hepatic
     veins and hepatic arteries are patent.  No flow is seen within the main portal
     vein and left portal vein. The right portal vein is not visualized.  There is
     minimal to low flow within the splenic vein.  There is normal flow within the
     inferior vena cava.  There are numerous hyperechoic foci within the spleen,
     consistent with that seen on recent CT.  Visualized portions of the pancreas
     are unremarkable.
     
     IMPRESSION:
     1) Thrombosis of the main and left portal veins. Possible thrombosis of the
     splenic vein.  The right portal vein was not visualized.
     
     2) Small amount of pericholecystic fluid, but no other evidence of acute
     cholecystitis.
     
     3) Hyperechoic foci within the spleen, consistent with the recent CT report.
     
     These findings were discussed with Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 2772**] by phone immediately following the
     scan.

",,
14497,1148,18018,,2581-06-06 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2581-6-6**] 9:35 PM
     CHEST (PORTABLE AP)                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 9945**]
     Reason: assess for new infiltrates, patient with increasing oxygen r
     Admitting Diagnosis: CROHN'S FLARE
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
             31 year old man with disseminated VZV resp failure. Intubated , more    
      hypoxic and acidotic   yet again           
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      assess for new infiltrates, patient with increasing oxygen requirements and 
      worsening acidosis, has VZV pneumonia and sepsis
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     HISTORY:   Varicella pneumonia.  Worsening hypoxia.
     
     COMPARISON:  [**2581-6-5**]
     
     FINDINGS:
     
     AP PORTABLE SUPINE CHEST:  There are linear lucencies expanding from the right
     axilla to the right hemithorax.  There are also vertical linear lucencies to
     the right and to the left of the visualized cervical spine.  These findings
     may be related to overlying sternal structures, or they may represent deep
     subcutaneous emphysema.  More typical appearing cutaneous emphysema is
     present overlying the lateral right clavicle.
     
     The endotracheal tube and right internal jugular central venous catheter
     remain in stable positions.  There is also an orogastric tube terminating
     below the left hemidiaphragm.  Multiple bilateral nodular opacities consistent
     with varicella pneumonia remain present.  However, the lung bases appear
     overall more translucent, and the upper lung zones appear overall more opaque.
      This likely represents redistribution of pleural and possibly also
     interstitial fluid on the current supine view, compared to yesterday's semi-
     upright view.  Overall, there appears to be less fluid within the lungs
     compared to the prior study.  The heart and mediastinum appear stable.
     
     IMPRESSION:
     
     1)  Interval improvement in pleural and possibly also interstitial fluid
     bilaterally.
     2)  Persistent bilateral nodular opacities consistent with varicella
     pneumonia.
     3)  Subcutaneous emphysema over the lateral right clavicle.  Probable
     subcutaneous emphysema in the neck and right axilla.

",,
14497,1148,18018,,2581-06-06 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2581-6-6**] 6:17 PM
     LIVER OR GALLBLADDER US (SINGLE ORGAN); DUPLEX DOPP ABD/PEL PORTClip # [**Telephone/Fax (1) 9944**]
     Reason: ABD PAIN RISING TRANSAMINASES
     Admitting Diagnosis: CROHN'S FLARE
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      31 year old man with h/o Crohn's disease, admitted with abdominal pain and 
      rising transaminases.
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      please r/o portal vein thrombosis or biliary obstruction                        
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     HISTORY: Crohn's disease, abdominal pain and elevated transaminase.
     
     RIGHT UPPER QUADRANT ULTRASOUND:  There are no focal hepatic lesions.  There
     is a small amount of pericholecystic fluid, but no distention of the
     gallbladder or stones. The common bile duct is not dilated, and measures 3 mm.
     There is a small amount of free fluid adjacent to the liver.  The hepatic
     veins and hepatic arteries are patent.  No flow is seen within the main portal
     vein and left portal vein. The right portal vein is not visualized.  There is
     minimal to low flow within the splenic vein.  There is normal flow within the
     inferior vena cava.  There are numerous hyperechoic foci within the spleen,
     consistent with that seen on recent CT.  Visualized portions of the pancreas
     are unremarkable.
     
     IMPRESSION:
     1) Thrombosis of the main and left portal veins. Possible thrombosis of the
     splenic vein.  The right portal vein was not visualized.
     
     2) Small amount of pericholecystic fluid, but no other evidence of acute
     cholecystitis.
     
     3) Hyperechoic foci within the spleen, consistent with the recent CT report.
     
     These findings were discussed with Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 2772**] by phone immediately following the
     scan.

",,
14497,1148,18018,,2581-06-06 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


",,
14497,1148,18018,0,2581-06-06 04:42:00 EST,2581-06-06 05:10:00 EST,1545,"N",69,"Nursing/Other",,"

Micu Nursing Progress Note:

Resp: worsening resp and metablolic acidosis overnight. vent changes made without improvement - see carevue for abg's and vent changes. Eventually required paralytic and PCV. LS with insp and occassional exp wheeze. Min secretions from ett thin blood tinged. ^^^copious serous/blood tinged drng via mouth. 

CV: Rec'd total 5L fb and 1 unit PLTS. MAP trending down overnight. CVP 12-14 (not corrected with peep) Required initiation of levophed gtt. Has required increased doses in setting of increased sedation necessary for paralytic. HR sinus tach. No ectopy noted despite elevated K+. K-xylate 60G X 3 via rectal foley. Ca++ repleted with 6g CaGlu and is to rec an additional 2g. 

Neuro: Versed added to propofol and fentanyl gtt's at start of shift. However pt continued to buck vent,  and intiate breaths.Pt becoming more hypoxic and acidoic. Decision made this am to start paralytic. Cisatracurium bolus given and still tritrating continous gtt to TOF. Appears intially to have better air exchange, will do a ABG. Propofol d/c'd. 

ID: lft's cont to climb as does lactic acid and creat. PLTs repleted. am plts 65.  In DIC with PT and INR continuing to increase.

GI/GU: attempted to place doboff tube and [**Hospital1 16**] sump --both unsuccessful. K-xylate pr. u/o minimal. urine red brown with ++sediment.  +9.9L at midnight and ~13L positive LOS.

Social: wife called this am was informed of pt's decompensation overnight. appropriately upset and crying. Wife will be coming in with pt's father and mother  ~11:30am. 

Plan: likely swann ganz catheter placement today -set up in room. Continue supportive care. Provide emotional support to family.
",,
14497,1148,18018,0,2581-06-06 05:37:00 EST,2581-06-06 05:42:00 EST,2161,"N",69,"Nursing/Other",,"

Respiratory Care:

Patient intubated on mechanical support. Worsening metabolic acidois, hypotension, and hypoxemia. Multiple vent changes made. Pt. changed to PCV and Paralyzed. See Carevue for further vent parameters and Abg's.  Bs coarse bilaterally with faint insp/expiratory wheezes bilaterally. Wheezes resolving with Albuterol MDI given Q4hr. Minimal secretions. Sx'd for sm amount of thin white secretions. No further changes made. PaO2 improved. Continue with PCV and wean Fio2 as tolerated. 
",,
14497,1148,18018,0,2581-06-06 12:41:00 EST,2581-06-06 13:03:00 EST,1711,"N",69,"Nursing/Other","NURSING PROGRESS NOTE 0700-1500","
NURSING PROGRESS NOTE 0700-1500
PT HAS BEEN FLUID,PRESSOR RESUCITATED ALL SHIFT. PLS SEE FLOW SHEET FOR MORE OBJECTIVE DATA.

CARDIAC--HYPOTENSIVE REQUIRING ADDITIONAL PRESSOR OF VASOPRESSIN. LEVO IS MAXED OUT AT 3MCG/KG/MIN. ALSO RECEIVED 2L NS, 1L D5W +3 AMPS NAHCO3. NBP IS HIGHER THAT DAMPENED ART LINE AND THIS RN HAS BEEN USING THE NBP CUFF FOR DRUG TITRATION. CVP 20'S. IONIZED CA++ WNL AT PRESENT. K+ LAST 5.4 . TO RECHECK AT 1400

RESP-- INCREASING O2 NEED AND PRESENTLY ON 90% ON PCV. FULLY VENTED WITH PEEP 22. UNABLE TO OBTAIN SVO2 DUE TO CLAMPED DOWN EXTREMITIES. LUNGS INITIALLY WITH INS/EXP WHEEZE BUT NOW COARSE IN ALL FIELDS. SX X2 FOR NO SPUTUM. ABG'S ARE POOR WITH LGR METABOLIC ACIDOSIS AND PH 7.18.

GI--OGT PLACED WITHOUT DIFFICULTY. 450 CC OF OLD BROWN CLEAR GASTRIC CONTENT. GUIAC -. STOOL X2. GUIAC -. 

GU--UO IS OLIGURIC AT <5CC HR OF BROWN URINE. RENAL IN TO SEE PT TO ?START CVVHD.

ENDO--BS 114. NO SSRI. [**Last Name (un) **] STIM DONE.

SKIN--VARICELLA LESIONS ALL OVER TORSO. MANY FACIAL LESIONS ARE OOZING. BUTTOCKS WITHOUT BREAKDOWN. PT IS UP 11KG BEFORE TODAYS FLUID.

ID--TO START ON CEFAPINE TODAY. TEMP 99.  ON ABX.

PAIN--PT IS ON FENT/MIDAZ GTT IN LGR DOSES. HE IS ALSO PARALYZED WITH CISATRACURIUM. TRAIN OF 4 , NO TWITCHES WITH MA 70. DECREASED CISAS TO .2 MG. 


COPING--WIFE, [**Doctor First Name **], HAS BEEN IN TO VISIT. SHE IS 7 MOS PREGNANT AND HAS HAD CHICKEN POX. SHE IS GRIEVING TREMENDOUSLY AND KEEPS SAYING ""HE CAN'T DIE, THIS IS ALL A DREAM.""  SHE HAS BEEN UPDATED ABOUT THE GRAVITY OF HER HUSBANDS CONDITION. SHE WANTS EVERYTHING DONE BUT HAS STATED THAT [**Doctor First Name **] WOULD NOT WANT TO LIVE ""LIKE A VEGETABLE"" AND WOULD NEVER WANT TO BE DEPENDANT ON A RESPIRATOR. SOCIAL WORK HAS BEEN IN TO SPEAK WITH [**Doctor First Name **]. PT'S PARENTS (WHO ARE DIVORCED) ARE HERE TO SEE PT. THEY HAVE NOT SEEN SON IN MANY MOS AND ARE NOT INVOLVED WITH HIS DAY TO DAY LIFE. THEY HAVE NOT HAD CHICKEN POX AND HAVE BEEN OFFERED TO CHECK TITERS HERE AT THE [**Hospital1 10**].
",,
14497,1148,18018,0,2581-06-06 14:11:00 EST,2581-06-06 14:13:00 EST,1711,"N",69,"Nursing/Other","ADDENDUM TO NOTE 0700-1500","
ADDENDUM TO NOTE 0700-1500
GU--FOLEY CATH IRRIGATED WITH STERILE WATER WITHOUT DIFFICULTY. FOLEY BALLOON LET DOWN AND BLOWN BACK UP. 40 CC INSTILLED AND 40CC RETURNED.


",,
14497,1148,18018,0,2581-06-06 17:19:00 EST,2581-06-06 17:37:00 EST,2423,"N",69,"Nursing/Other",,"

NPN;1500-1900  
NEURO;SEDATED AND PARALYSED. NO TWICHES CURRENTLY .
RESP; ON THE ESOPHAGEAL PRESS PROTOCOL PEEP CHANGED TO 30.FIO2 CHANGED TO 70% THEN INCREASED TO 80% AT 1830,FOR PO254 AIMING TO MAINTAIN PO2 OVER 60.
CVS; NEO ADDED TO TO MAINTAIN MAP.55 CURRENTLY AT 1,5 MCGS DOES BETTER AFTER FLUID BOLUSES OF D5 WITH 3 AMPS BIC. TO TOTAL 2L.
GU; OLIGURIC  BLADDER PRESS.17 FOR ESOPAGEAL STUDIES.
HEME CRYO FOR INR 5.8.  AND FIBRINOGEN
 AWAITING ECHO OF ABDOMEN..
SOC ; WIFE AND [**Name2 (NI) **] INTO VISIT VERY TEARFUL BEING SUPPORTED BY LISW. AND STAFF.

",,
14497,1148,18018,,2581-06-07 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**2581-6-7**] 9:08 AM
     CHEST (PORTABLE AP)                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 9946**]
     Reason: eval for effusion, infiltrate                               
     Admitting Diagnosis: CROHN'S FLARE
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
           31 year old man with disseminated VZV resp failure. Intubated , more  
      hypoxic and acidotic              
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      eval for effusion, infiltrate                                                   
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     HISTORY:   Disseminated varicella pneumonia.  Increasing hypoxia.
     
     COMPARISON: [**2581-6-6**]
     
     FINDINGS:  The endotracheal tube, right internal jugular central venous
     catheter and the orogastric tube remain in stable positions.  Subcutaneous
     emphysema overlying the right clavicle and in the right axilla appears less
     prominent.  Subcutaneous emphysema within the neck is not clearly identified.
     The heart and mediastinum appear stable.   Multiple bilateral nodular
     opacities consistent with varicella pneumonia remain present.  There is
     overall increased opacity in the left lung and decreased opacity in the right
     lung, suggestive of redistribution of pleural and interstitial fluid.
     
     IMPRESSION:
     
     1)  Redistribution of pleural and interstitial fluid, with increased fluid in
     the left lung and decreased fluid in the right lung.
     2)  Persistent bilateral nodular opacities consistent with varicella
     pneumonia.

",,
14497,,18018,0,2581-06-07 05:27:00 EST,2581-06-07 05:36:00 EST,2161,"N",69,"Nursing/Other",,"

Respiratory Care:

Patient intubated/paralyzed and sedated.  Pt. on PCV. Multiple vent changes made due to severe metabolic acidosis and hypoxemia. PaO2 as low as 36. Bs coarse with faint insp wheezes R lung. Albuterol MDI given Q4hr. A brief trial of NO2 done without change in PaO2. Current vent settings PCV 23, Peep 30, Rate 35, Insp time .7,  Fio2 100%.  Pt. proned with initial PaO2 125 and PH 7.31. PaO2 decreasing back down to 59 and PH improved to 7.37. Pt. on bicarb drip, multi pressors. No further changes made. Continue with PCV. ? Increasing Peep.
",,
14497,,18018,0,2581-06-07 06:26:00 EST,2581-06-07 07:07:00 EST,1740,"N",69,"Nursing/Other",,"

NPN 1900-0700:

Pt remains extremely critical and unstable with ARDS/sepsis/DIC/MSOF. 

ROS:
NEURO: Remains paralyzed on same dose of Cisatracurium; Fentanyl and Versed gtts increased to current rates of 500/10 respectively as indicated by increase in HR/BP. No spontaneous movement noted; 0/4 twitches on TOF; unable to assess pupils d/t edema.
RESP: Major problems with oxygenation with pO2 as low as 36 on PCV 30/23, 100%, rate of 35 with TV's ~590. Trial of Nitrous Oxide failed to improve oxygenation and he was subsequently proned at 0400; procedure accomplished without complication. pO2 initially improved to 125, but next ABG was back down to 59. No secretions to speak of. CXR actually improved despite worsening oxygenation; pneumomediastimun present d/t large amounts of PEEP. With improved CXR and worsened pO2 consideration given to possible PE(s) playing role (pt has clotted off liver and spleen per U/S), therefore heparin started despite DIC; later D/C'd d/t PTT 150 and possibility of initiating Xigris. LS coarse t/o with faint end-inspiratory wheezes. 
ACID/BASE: Profound metabolic acidosis despite bicarb gtt of 3 amps/L at 200cc/hr as well as multiple boluses. Changed to pure bicarb at 4 amps/hr; after several hours pH up to 7.37 and gtt was reduced to 2 amps/hr at 0645. Ca low all night;he has recieved multiple infusions without improvement. 
C-V: Neo rapidly increased to max rate in addition to max levo and pitressin at .04u/hr; dopa added at 5mcg to keep barely acceptable BP. After proning BP has dramatically improved; Dopa has been weaned off and Neo weaned to 1.5mcg/kg/min. HR 110's-120's, ST. rare PVC. Feet cool, slightly mottled with no dopplerable pulses at start of shift; mottling has progressed to knees. Hands slightly mottled at start of shift; left arm noted to be extremely mottled/blue nearly to shoulder with no pulses at 0100. Hand, however, slightly WARMER than right hand (though both cool). HO aware. 
HEME: Hct 35 down to 28; INR has climbed to 16.8 despite Vit K; plt's stable at 67-71; fibrinogen initially up to 103 but back to 67 this AM, so he has been given another bag of cryo. Oozing BRB from mouth earlier, but none recently; no other obvious source of blood loss. 
GI: Unable to hear OGT in stomach; advanced without improvement; no aspirates. HO aware, CXR shows tip below diaphragm but not visible. Tube not used at present. Belly firm, distended, absent BS, no stool or flatus. LFT's pending. Abdominal U/S shows clotting of vessels to liver and spleen. Post saved on groin line for TPN. 
GU: Virtually no urine output; BUN/creat up to 36/4.9. K down to 3.1 (confirmed with K on ABG of 2.9); 20meq given this AM. Hypokalemia felt d/t continuous infusion of bicarb. 
ENDO: Sugars have risen to 300's-400's (transiently >500); insulin gtt has been initiated and rapidly titrated up to 70 units/hr with no improvement thus far. Cont;s on Decadron.
ID: Slighlty hypothermic; WBC 11-13K; no change in abx. Dose of Vanco given as ordered
",,
14497,,18018,0,2581-06-07 06:27:00 EST,2581-06-07 07:07:00 EST,1740,"N",69,"Nursing/Other",,"

(Continued)
; level pending this AM. 
OPTHO: Unable to give eye care as ordered d/t severe edema. 
SKIN: Vesicles are crusting over; skin generally intact otherwise. Large ecchymotic area right side of chest unchanged. Placed on Triadyne bed. 
ACCESS: PIV, RSC TLC, L fem TLC, R fem a-line.
SOCIAL: wife in and out of room all night. Asking many appropriate questions, fully understands severity of illness. Spending lots of time at bedside talking to husband and [**Name2 (NI) 6171**] him to work hard and recover. Rabbi [**Name (NI) 2054**] in to visit with wife early this AM; best friend and several family members have been in and out and are every suppotive. [**Doctor First Name 4552**] is eating and drinking, sleeping in naps, and her obstetrician has been visiting her here. After discussion with MICU resident pt was made DNR prior to proning him; we will continue full treatment. 

A: extremely critical and unstable

P: continue all supportive measures as we are doing; consideration to be given to Xigris and/or CVVHD today; continue to support pt's wife. 
",,
14497,,18018,0,2581-06-07 14:01:00 EST,2581-06-07 14:21:00 EST,1711,"N",69,"Nursing/Other","NURSING PROGRESS NOTE 0700-1500","
NURSING PROGRESS NOTE 0700-1500
PT HAS BEEN PRESSOR ,FLUID, BLOOD PRODUCTS RESUCITATED ALL SHIFT. HE IS A DNR, ON UPPER LIMITS OF NEO, LEVO, VASOPRESSIN AND DOPA STARTED AT 1500. PLS SEE CAREVIEW FOR OBJECTIVE DATA.

CARDIAC--RECEIVED 1U PRBC FOR PRE HCT OF 28. SBP INITIALLY 120/70 PRONED BUT THROUGHOUT MORNING SBP  DECREASED AS WELL AS SAO2 SO PT PLACED SUPINE. SBP 80-90 WITH MAP 55-62.  RENAL FELLOW IN AND PLACED QUINTIN CATH INTO R GROIN.

RESP--SEVERAL VENT CHANGES DONE. PT HAS BEEN ON 100% FIO2 AND PAO2 <60. CURRENT ABG PENDING. LUNGS ARE COARSE BILATERALLY. VERY DIMINISHED IN BASES. UNABLE TO OBTAIN SVO2 DUE TO CLAMPED DOWN VESSELS AND POOR CSM. SPUTUM CX SENT EARLIER. NO SPUTUM AT PRESENT. 

GI--OGT NOT DRAINING, NO AIR COULD BE INSTILLED. OGT D/CED AND IT WAS FOLDED OVER AND CLOGGED. NEW OGT PLACED AND BLOODY DRAINAGE NOTED IN ORAL CAVITY. OF NOTE, PT HAS HAD BLEEDING GUMS THROUGHOUT SHIFT BUT THIS IS MORE FRANK. TEAM IS AWARE OF THIS. BLEEDING HAS SLOWED DOWN AND PT WILL RECEIVE ADDITIONAL UNIT OF PRBC. NO STOOL TODAY.

GU--UO 10CC FOR SHIFT OF SLUDGE. ANURIC

ENDO--BS LABILE ON 70 U INSULIN HR. AT 1400 BS DECREASED TO 108. INSULIN GTT DECREASED TO 30 U HR. [**Last Name (un) **] FELLOW  IN TO ADDRESS ISSUE. K+ REPLETED. PT ON CA GLU GTT PRESENTLY AT 35 CC HR AND IONIZED CA++.98. ALSO ON NAHCO3 GTT AT 100 CC HR (2 AMPS/HR).
LABS ARE BEING DRAWN ~Q2HRS.

SKIN--PT WAS PRONED UNTIL 1000. FACE WITH GROSS EDEMA OOZING SEROUS, BLOODY DRAINAGE.  VARECELLA LESIONS ALL OVER TORSO STARTING TO CRUST OVER IN SOME AREA. ORAL CAVITY BLOODY. L PT VIA DOPPLER. NO OTHER PULSES VIA DOPPLER. L ARM IS LESS MOTTLED THAN YESTERDAY BUT POOR CSM. FEET ARE MOTTLED.

ID--REMAINS ON CEFIPINE,ACYCLOVIR AND RENAL DOSING OF VANCO.

PAIN--PT ON MIDAZOLAM GTT AT 10 MG /HR, FENTANYL AT 400 MCG /HR. CISATURCURIUM WAS D/CED DUE TO NO TWITCHING. RESTARTED AFTER 2 HRS FOR HICCUPS AND TWITCH OF 3 ON 60 mA.

COPING--WIFE AT BEDSIDE MOST OF DAY. PT'S MOTHER FLEW IN FROM CYPRESS AND IS NOW PRESENT. WIFE'S BROTHER AND SISTER ALSO PRESENT. THEY HAVE BEEN UPDATED AND POOR PROGNOSIS AND PLAN OF CARE. THEY REMAIN HOPEFUL. SOCIAL WORK IN TO SEE PT SEVERAL TIMES TODAY. RABBI IN , WIFE'S OB MD IN TO CHECK ON PT.

A--CONTINUED RESUCITATION WITH PRESSORS APPROACHING MAX DOSING.

P--CON'T TO  TREAT AND CON'T PRESSOR, FLUID, RESUCITATION. OFFER SUPPORT TO FAMILY AND PT.

DISPO-PT IS A DNR. HE WILL NOT BE SHOCKED OR CPR WILL NOT BE GIVEN.
",,
14497,,18018,0,2581-06-07 17:41:00 EST,2581-06-07 17:57:00 EST,2605,"N",69,"Nursing/Other",,"

Despite maximum support the pt became hypostensive and then asystolic and was pronounced dead at 1740. Pt's wife and family as well as the medical team were at the bedside. The rabbi was called and came in to support the family and made phone calls to other relatives per their request. All belongings sent home with family, organ bank informed of pts death. 
",,
14497,,,,2581-06-08 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


",,
