SUBJECT_ID,HADM_ID,ICUSTAY_ID,ELEMID,CHARTTIME,REALTIME,CGID,CORRECTION,CUID,CATEGORY,TITLE,TEXT,EXAM_NAME,PATIENT_INFO
14561,3151,,,3108-11-16 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"DISCHARGE_SUMMARY",,"

Admission Date:  [**3108-11-16**]       Discharge Date: [**3108-11-30**]

Date of Birth:   [**3029-4-17**]       Sex:  F

Service:HEPATOBILIARY SURGERY SERVICE

DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS
1.  Adenocarcinoma of the gallbladder.
2.  Hypertension.
3.  Aortic stenosis.
4.  Cataracts.

CHIEF COMPLAINT:  Painless jaundice.

HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS: This 79-year-old female presents
on [**3108-11-16**] with painless jaundice for ten days.  The patient
had felt weak with a decrease in appetite for the past three
to four weeks and had a five pound weight loss.  The patient
denied any abdominal pain, no nausea, vomiting, history of
ulcer disease.  The patient had an endoscopic retrograde
cholangiopancreatography on [**3108-11-11**].  Study showed
obstruction in portions above the cystic duct.  The patient
also had entry of the cystic duct that was irregular
consistent with tumor brush biopsies and a 17 French stent
was placed.  The patient had no diarrhea since barium for CT
scan.  Denied feeling febrile or having chills. No nausea or
vomiting, some constipation, no chest pain, short of breath,
dysuria, normal bowel habits.

PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  Significant for hypertension, heart
murmur, bilateral cataracts, early menopause, right wrist
fracture in [**3075**] and aortic stenosis.

ALLERGIES:  No known drug allergies.

MEDICATIONS:
1.  Potassium chloride 20 mEq q day.
2.  Hydrochlorothiazide 25 mg q day.
3.  Lipitor 10 mg q day.
4.  Toprol 50 mg q day.
5.  Aspirin 81 mg q day.

SOCIAL HISTORY: The patient had a history of smoking 20 pack
years, quit 29 years ago, one drink per day.

FAMILY HISTORY:  No history of cancer.  Mother had a stroke.
Father had a heart attack.


LABORATORY:  At [**Hospital3 1461**] Hospital showed a total bilirubin of
40, sodium 129, potassium 2.4, chloride 95, bicarbonate 20,
the albumin was 3.6, white count 9.8, CA-199 was 26,000.  The
patient had an ultrasound done also at [**Hospital3 1461**] Hospital
which showed positive gallstone obstruction, intrahepatic
ducts without dilated or distended common bile duct or
dilated pancreatic duct.  The patient had CT which showed
calcified gallstones in the gallbladder, dilated
intra-hepatic bile ducts, no gross masses.

Chest x-ray showed chronic interstitial and chronic
obstructive pulmonary disease, bibasilar linear densities
consistent with fibrosis.  An echocardiogram showed ejection
fraction of 65%  Mild aortic regurg, Doppler evidence of left
ventricular diastolic dysfunction.  Moderate severe calcified
aortic stenosis.

PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  The patient was afebrile with normal
vital signs.  The patient was alert and oriented.  Had
icteric sclera and was very jaundice.  Regular rate and
rhythm with a 3/6 systolic ejection murmur.  Lungs were clear
to auscultation bilaterally.  Her abdomen was soft,
nontender, nondistended.  There was no edema.  Her
neurological exam showed cranial nerves 2 through 12 were
grossly intact and normal.  She had grossly intact sensory
and motor function.

The patient was admitted as a 79-year-old female with a
questionable mass, was scheduled for percutaneous
transhepatic tubes to be placed in the morning, was made NPO,
put on intravenous fluid maintenance at 100, started on
Ampicillin and Gentamicin for on-call for the percutaneous
transluminal coronary angioplasty.  The patient was scheduled
to be seen by Cardiology for cardiac workup.  Cardiology
consult on the patient and recommended close hemodynamic
monitoring if surgery was needed with a Swann, no further
workup needed and to continue beta-blockade during admission.

On hospital day two, the patient was afebrile, vital signs
were stable, the patient was brought for PTC performed with
bilateral PTC drains placed.  However PTC wad cancelled on
hospital day two because prior to patient being called she
spiked a temperature to 101.7.  On hospital day three the
patient was brought and PTC stents were placed.  The patient
tolerated the procedure well and was transferred back to the
floor, however, the patient had a T-max of 101.2, was
afebrile immediately following the procedure.  The patient
was subsequently transferred to the Intensive Care Unit for a
low blood pressure and elevated temperature, the patient's
white count was 21.0 and required a Neo drip to maintain
adequate blood pressures.  The patient had a significant
fluid requirement in addition however, the patient did well.
Arterial line and left subclavian line were placed to better
monitor the patient's hemodynamic status and better
facilitate resuscitation.  The patient continued to be weaned
from a Neo drip in the Intensive Care Unit, blood pressures
responding well, continued to receive intravenous fluids.
White count trended down on hospital day five, post procedure
day two, the patient is on intravenous Vancomycin and Zosyn.
Her white count at this time was 7.6.

On hospital day seven the patient was transferred from
Intensive Care Unit to the floor.  The patient had been
weaned from her drips and was continued to do well.  The
patient continued to have a low white count, was afebrile,
continued to be jaundiced and have hypokalemia and an
elevated bilirubin but was overall hemodynamically stable.
The patient was transfused with one unit of packed red blood
cells on hospital day eight for anemia.  The Vancomycin was
removed.  The patient was continued on Zosyn.

On hospital day eight, Anesthesia was consulted for the
possibility of an operative candidacy for removal of possible
mass.  The patient was seen by Anesthesia and was deemed to
be moderate to severe risk.  The patient was continued on
intravenous antibiotics.  On hospital day nine, in addition
to having hyperkalemia was found to have low albumin and TPN
was started for nutritional supplement.  The patient was
started on a soft diet.  The patient's bilirubin continued to
be elevated at 14.4.

On  hospital day ten the patient went for cholangiogram.
Cholangiogram showed stenosis in both biliary trees.  The
patient had a transient jump in temperature to 100.4 after
cholangiogram and a slight jump in her white count from 7 to
11.2.  The patient however continued to remain stable.
Bilirubin also jumped from 14 to 16.7.  The patient was
continued on TPN, regular diet and transitioned to oral pain
medicines.

The patient was begun on calorie counts, it was found that
the patient was receiving approximately 773 calories, it was
felt that she can continue with her TPN and calorie counting.
At this time pathology brushings were returned and it was
found that the patient had adenocarcinoma.  This was
discussed with the patient and the patient's family and a
family meeting was arranged.  Palliative care was also
available.  The patient was met with husband and children and
discussed goals of care.  The patient had understood at this
time that she had a surgically unresectable tumor and her
prognosis was three the four months.  She was agreeable to
continuing with Hospice care and VNA outside the hospital.

On hospital day two, the patient was continued on TPN and
pain management as needed.  The patient was begun planning
for hospice care on hospital day 15.  The patient continued
to be afebrile, vital signs were stable.  The patient's
laboratory showed an elevated bilirubin to 13, however, white
count was stable.  The patient was comfortable in no acute
distress.  The patient had explored hospice options and plan
was to discharge patient with home hospice care.  The patient
will be discharged on her medicines, Atorvastatin 10 mg p.o.
q day, Percocet 1 to 2 tablets p.o. every 4 to 6 hours as
needed for pain, Actigall 300 mg tablets, one tablet by mouth
three times a day, Metoprolol 50 mg tablets half tablet by
mouth twice a day, Hydrochlorothiazide 25 mg one tablet by
mouth per day, Protonix 40 mg one tablet by mouth per day and
Ciprofloxacin 500 mg tablets, one tablet by mouth twice a day
for 14 days.

The patient will follow-up with her primary care physician
and will [**Name9 (PRE) 2271**] with Dr. [**First Name4 (NamePattern1) 1700**] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) 1695**] in one to two
weeks.  The patient will have VNA to keep drain tubes kept
and to keep dressings around drains dry and intact.  The
patient will keep a regular diet, will not have any TPN but
may supplement her diet with nutritional shakes. The
patient's post discharge services will be with Hospice care.





                            [**First Name11 (Name Pattern1) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) 2126**], M.D.,Ph.D.[**MD Number 10860**]

Dictated By:[**Last Name (NamePattern1) **]
MEDQUIST36

D:  [**3108-11-30**]  13:43
T:  [**3108-11-30**]  15:33
JOB#:  [**Job Number 10861**]
Signed electronically by: DR. [**First Name4 (NamePattern1) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) **]
 on: SAT [**3108-12-19**] 8:02 AM
(End of Report)


",,
14561,3151,,,3108-11-17 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


",,
14561,3151,,,3108-11-18 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ********************************* CPT Codes ********************************
     * 47511 INTRO PERC TRNASHEPATIC STENT  47511 INTRO PERC TRNASHEPATIC STENT *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      47553 BILIARY BIOSPY VIA T-TUBE     *
     * -51 MULTI-PROCEDURE SAME DAY         47500 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA*
     * -51 MULTI-PROCEDURE SAME DAY         47500 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      75982 CATH/STENT FOR INT/EXT BILIARY*
     * 75982 CATH/STENT FOR INT/EXT BILIARY -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE     *
     * 74320 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA 74320 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      CATHETER, DRAINAGE                  *
     * CATHETER, DRAINAGE                   C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF           *
     * C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF            C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF           *
     * C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER  C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER *
     ****************************************************************************
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      79 year old woman with painless jaundice                                        
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      Placement of drains                                                             
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     INDICATION:  79 year old woman with questionable porta hepatis mass and
     bilateral intrahepatic biliary dilatation.  Please place bilateral
     percutaneous biliary drainage catheters and biopsy lesion if possible.
     
     RADIOLOGISTS PERFORMING PROCEDURE:  Dr. [**First Name8 (NamePattern2) 938**] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) 522**]; Dr. [**First Name4 (NamePattern1) 147**] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) 346**],
     the Staff Radiologist present throughout the entire procedure.
     
     PROCEDURE/TECHNIQUE:  Informed written consent was obtained.  The patient was
     placed under MAC anesthesia.  The anterior abdomen and right flank were
     prepped and draped in the usual sterile fashion.  Through an anesthetized skin
     approach and utilizing fluoroscopic guidance, a 22-gauge spinal needle was
     inserted into the hepatic parenchyma.  On the second puncture, access was
     obtained to the biliary system.  The biliary tree was opacified.  This
     demonstrated abrupt cutoff of contrast at the porta hepatis region.  With the
     biliary system opacified, a third puncture was made to access the biliary tree
     in a peripheral posterior right hepatic duct.  The Accu-Stick wire was
     advanced through the 22-gauge puncture needle into the biliary tree but was
     unable to be passed into the common hepatic duct. Therefore, the wire was
     advanced distally into a middle bile duct and the puncture needle was then
     exchanged for the Accu-Stick system.  The inner dilator and wire were then
     removed and a 0.035 Glidewire was used to gain access to the duodenum through
     the outer dilator of the Accu-Stick system. The outer dilator was then removed
     and exchanged for a 6-French angiographic sheath.  The inner dilator was
     removed and Kumpe catheter was advanced over the Glidewire into the duodenum
     and this catheter-wire combination was used to place the Kumpe catheter in the
     proximal jejunum.  At this point, the 0.035 Glidewire was then exchanged for a
     0.035 Super Stiff Amplatz wire.  The Kumpe catheter was removed and a pullback
     cholangiogram was performed through the angiographic sheath.
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     
     This demonstrated prompt flow of contrast in the common bile duct and common
     hepatic duct.  The cystic duct was visualized which was non-dilated. Contrast
     did fill the gallbladder and a large mass was seen. As the sheath was pulled
     back into the right hepatic duct, this demonstrated moderate-to- marked
     dilatation of the biliary tree.  There was abrupt cutoff of contrast at the
     porta hepatis.  This was slightly irregular. At this point, attempts were made
     to access the left biliary tree from the right. These were unsuccessful.
     Then, using fluoroscopic guidance through an anesthetized skin approach, a 22-
     gauge needle was inserted into the left biliary tree.  One pass was performed.
     The wire was then advanced into the puncture needle after opacification of the
     biliary tree.  This demonstrated a puncture site which was within the mid
     portion of the left main hepatic duct.  There was marked dilatation of the
     left biliary tree.  There was a rounded appearance which abruptly cut off in
     the region of the porta hepatis.  With the Accu-Stick wire coiled in this
     dilated left hepatic duct, the puncture needle was exchanged for the Accu-
     Stick system.  The inner dilator wire was then removed and more contrast was
     injected into the left system and this demonstrated a dimple of contrast
     suggesting the exit of the left hepatic duct.  A 0.035 Glidewire was then used
     to gain access to the common hepatic duct through this dimple. The wire was
     unable to pass down the common hepatic duct and therefore the wire was placed
     out the anterior right biliary tree and from this position the outer dilator
     of the Accu-Stick system was advanced over the wire beyond the mass.  The wire
     and outer dilator were pulled back and access was acheived down into the
     duodenum.  The outer dilator was then advanced over the wire into the duodenum
     just beyond the ampulla.  The 0.035 Glidewire was then exchanged for the 0.038
     Accu-Stick wire.  The Accu-Stick outer dilator was then exchanged for a 7-
     French angiographic sheath.  The inner dilator was removed and the Kumpe
     catheter was then advanced over the wire into the duodenum.  Using a 0.035
     guide wire and the Kumpe catheter, the catheter was placed in the distal
     duodenum and the 0.035 Glidewire was then exchanged for a an Amplatz stiff
     wire.
     
     Then a 0.035 Glidewire was advanced through the angiographic sheath in
     parallel to the Amplatz Super Stiff wire.  This was placed within the
     duodenum.  The angiographic sheath was then withdrawn over both wires and then
     re-advanced over the 0.035 Glidewire.  The tip was placed in the distal common
     bile duct.  Pullback cholangiogram was then performed. Again this demonstrated
     a normal appearance of the common bile duct and cystic duct.  However, as the
     catheter was pulled back, contrast opacified areas of the left biliary tree
     which were previously unseen.  This demonstrated a multifocal, rounded
     saccular appearance of the distal left hepatic duct with a regular smooth
     appearance. This suggested a benign obstruction, such as postinflammatory
     cholangitis. Therefore, the left side was not biopsied as no area of
     definitive irregular obstruction could be seen to biopsy.
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     
     At this time, the 0.035 Glidewire and angiographic sheath were then removed.
     The 0.035 wire was then advanced through the 6-French angiographic sheath on
     the right in parallel to the 0.035 Amplatz wire.  The angiographic sheath was
     then removed over both wires with the Glidewire in the duodenum and the
     Amplatz stiff wire in the proximal jejunum.  Then a 7-French angiographic
     sheath was advanced over the 0.035 Glidewire.  This tip was placed in the
     common bile duct and a pullback cholangiogram was performed.  This confirmed
     an irregular narrowed appearance at the confluence of the right hepatic ducts
     and just proximal to the confluence of the right hepatic duct and the left
     hepatic duct.  The catheter was then withdrawn to be within the mid portion of
     this irregularity and the wire was removed. A T-[**Male First Name (un) 10479**] biopsy catheter was then
     advanced through the angiographic sheath and a single pass was obtained
     yielding a good-sized tissue sample. The catheter was then withdrawn to a more
     proximal aspect of the duct and a second pass was obtained, again with a good
     tissue sample.  The catheter was then withdrawn to the most peripheral edge of
     the irregular duct and a third sample was obtained with the T-[**Male First Name (un) 10479**] biopsy
     catheter. Cholangiogram was then performed through the angiographic sheath and
     this demonstrated no extravasation of contrast.  The angiographic sheath was
     then removed and an 8- French biliary drainage catheter was advanced over the
     Amplatz wire and the pigtail formed within the duodenum.  A second 8-French
     biliary drainage catheter was advanced over the left wire and a pigtail was
     formed within the duodenum.  The proximal side holes were within the
     respective biliary trees. Contrast injection confirmed no side holes were in
     the hepatic parenchyma or outside the liver capsule.
     
     CONTRAST/MEDICATIONS:  80 cc of Conray contrast.  MAC anesthesia was provided
     by the Anesthesiology Service.  15 cc of 1% lidocaine was used for local
     anesthetic.
     
     IMPRESSION:
     
     1) Severely obstructed left biliary system, with multifocal benign-appearing
     distal strictures.  Eventually a wire and 8 Fr catheter were able to be
     advanced into the small bowel.  Catheter placed to external drainage.
     
     2) Endoscopically placed biliary stent which extends from the right biliary
     tree to the distal common bile duct.
     
     3) Moderately dilated right-sided biliary tree with an irregular and narrow
     distal duct located at the right-sided biliary confluence just proximal to the
     right and left biliary confluence.  8 Fr internal-external biliary drainage
     catheters were placed to adequately drain the dilated biliary tree, placed to
     external drainage.
     
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     4) Core Biopsies from the right distal hepatic duct.
     
     5) Large gall bladder mass, differential includes stone and tumor. 
     
     
     
     
     

",,
14561,3151,,,3108-11-18 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ********************************* CPT Codes ********************************
     * 47511 INTRO PERC TRNASHEPATIC STENT  47511 INTRO PERC TRNASHEPATIC STENT *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      47553 BILIARY BIOSPY VIA T-TUBE     *
     * -51 MULTI-PROCEDURE SAME DAY         47500 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA*
     * -51 MULTI-PROCEDURE SAME DAY         47500 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      75982 CATH/STENT FOR INT/EXT BILIARY*
     * 75982 CATH/STENT FOR INT/EXT BILIARY -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE     *
     * 74320 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA 74320 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      CATHETER, DRAINAGE                  *
     * CATHETER, DRAINAGE                   C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF           *
     * C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF            C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF           *
     * C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER  C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER *
     ****************************************************************************
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      79 year old woman with painless jaundice                                        
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      Placement of drains                                                             
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     INDICATION:  79 year old woman with questionable porta hepatis mass and
     bilateral intrahepatic biliary dilatation.  Please place bilateral
     percutaneous biliary drainage catheters and biopsy lesion if possible.
     
     RADIOLOGISTS PERFORMING PROCEDURE:  Dr. [**First Name8 (NamePattern2) 938**] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) 522**]; Dr. [**First Name4 (NamePattern1) 147**] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) 346**],
     the Staff Radiologist present throughout the entire procedure.
     
     PROCEDURE/TECHNIQUE:  Informed written consent was obtained.  The patient was
     placed under MAC anesthesia.  The anterior abdomen and right flank were
     prepped and draped in the usual sterile fashion.  Through an anesthetized skin
     approach and utilizing fluoroscopic guidance, a 22-gauge spinal needle was
     inserted into the hepatic parenchyma.  On the second puncture, access was
     obtained to the biliary system.  The biliary tree was opacified.  This
     demonstrated abrupt cutoff of contrast at the porta hepatis region.  With the
     biliary system opacified, a third puncture was made to access the biliary tree
     in a peripheral posterior right hepatic duct.  The Accu-Stick wire was
     advanced through the 22-gauge puncture needle into the biliary tree but was
     unable to be passed into the common hepatic duct. Therefore, the wire was
     advanced distally into a middle bile duct and the puncture needle was then
     exchanged for the Accu-Stick system.  The inner dilator and wire were then
     removed and a 0.035 Glidewire was used to gain access to the duodenum through
     the outer dilator of the Accu-Stick system. The outer dilator was then removed
     and exchanged for a 6-French angiographic sheath.  The inner dilator was
     removed and Kumpe catheter was advanced over the Glidewire into the duodenum
     and this catheter-wire combination was used to place the Kumpe catheter in the
     proximal jejunum.  At this point, the 0.035 Glidewire was then exchanged for a
     0.035 Super Stiff Amplatz wire.  The Kumpe catheter was removed and a pullback
     cholangiogram was performed through the angiographic sheath.
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     
     This demonstrated prompt flow of contrast in the common bile duct and common
     hepatic duct.  The cystic duct was visualized which was non-dilated. Contrast
     did fill the gallbladder and a large mass was seen. As the sheath was pulled
     back into the right hepatic duct, this demonstrated moderate-to- marked
     dilatation of the biliary tree.  There was abrupt cutoff of contrast at the
     porta hepatis.  This was slightly irregular. At this point, attempts were made
     to access the left biliary tree from the right. These were unsuccessful.
     Then, using fluoroscopic guidance through an anesthetized skin approach, a 22-
     gauge needle was inserted into the left biliary tree.  One pass was performed.
     The wire was then advanced into the puncture needle after opacification of the
     biliary tree.  This demonstrated a puncture site which was within the mid
     portion of the left main hepatic duct.  There was marked dilatation of the
     left biliary tree.  There was a rounded appearance which abruptly cut off in
     the region of the porta hepatis.  With the Accu-Stick wire coiled in this
     dilated left hepatic duct, the puncture needle was exchanged for the Accu-
     Stick system.  The inner dilator wire was then removed and more contrast was
     injected into the left system and this demonstrated a dimple of contrast
     suggesting the exit of the left hepatic duct.  A 0.035 Glidewire was then used
     to gain access to the common hepatic duct through this dimple. The wire was
     unable to pass down the common hepatic duct and therefore the wire was placed
     out the anterior right biliary tree and from this position the outer dilator
     of the Accu-Stick system was advanced over the wire beyond the mass.  The wire
     and outer dilator were pulled back and access was acheived down into the
     duodenum.  The outer dilator was then advanced over the wire into the duodenum
     just beyond the ampulla.  The 0.035 Glidewire was then exchanged for the 0.038
     Accu-Stick wire.  The Accu-Stick outer dilator was then exchanged for a 7-
     French angiographic sheath.  The inner dilator was removed and the Kumpe
     catheter was then advanced over the wire into the duodenum.  Using a 0.035
     guide wire and the Kumpe catheter, the catheter was placed in the distal
     duodenum and the 0.035 Glidewire was then exchanged for a an Amplatz stiff
     wire.
     
     Then a 0.035 Glidewire was advanced through the angiographic sheath in
     parallel to the Amplatz Super Stiff wire.  This was placed within the
     duodenum.  The angiographic sheath was then withdrawn over both wires and then
     re-advanced over the 0.035 Glidewire.  The tip was placed in the distal common
     bile duct.  Pullback cholangiogram was then performed. Again this demonstrated
     a normal appearance of the common bile duct and cystic duct.  However, as the
     catheter was pulled back, contrast opacified areas of the left biliary tree
     which were previously unseen.  This demonstrated a multifocal, rounded
     saccular appearance of the distal left hepatic duct with a regular smooth
     appearance. This suggested a benign obstruction, such as postinflammatory
     cholangitis. Therefore, the left side was not biopsied as no area of
     definitive irregular obstruction could be seen to biopsy.
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     
     At this time, the 0.035 Glidewire and angiographic sheath were then removed.
     The 0.035 wire was then advanced through the 6-French angiographic sheath on
     the right in parallel to the 0.035 Amplatz wire.  The angiographic sheath was
     then removed over both wires with the Glidewire in the duodenum and the
     Amplatz stiff wire in the proximal jejunum.  Then a 7-French angiographic
     sheath was advanced over the 0.035 Glidewire.  This tip was placed in the
     common bile duct and a pullback cholangiogram was performed.  This confirmed
     an irregular narrowed appearance at the confluence of the right hepatic ducts
     and just proximal to the confluence of the right hepatic duct and the left
     hepatic duct.  The catheter was then withdrawn to be within the mid portion of
     this irregularity and the wire was removed. A T-[**Male First Name (un) 10479**] biopsy catheter was then
     advanced through the angiographic sheath and a single pass was obtained
     yielding a good-sized tissue sample. The catheter was then withdrawn to a more
     proximal aspect of the duct and a second pass was obtained, again with a good
     tissue sample.  The catheter was then withdrawn to the most peripheral edge of
     the irregular duct and a third sample was obtained with the T-[**Male First Name (un) 10479**] biopsy
     catheter. Cholangiogram was then performed through the angiographic sheath and
     this demonstrated no extravasation of contrast.  The angiographic sheath was
     then removed and an 8- French biliary drainage catheter was advanced over the
     Amplatz wire and the pigtail formed within the duodenum.  A second 8-French
     biliary drainage catheter was advanced over the left wire and a pigtail was
     formed within the duodenum.  The proximal side holes were within the
     respective biliary trees. Contrast injection confirmed no side holes were in
     the hepatic parenchyma or outside the liver capsule.
     
     CONTRAST/MEDICATIONS:  80 cc of Conray contrast.  MAC anesthesia was provided
     by the Anesthesiology Service.  15 cc of 1% lidocaine was used for local
     anesthetic.
     
     IMPRESSION:
     
     1) Severely obstructed left biliary system, with multifocal benign-appearing
     distal strictures.  Eventually a wire and 8 Fr catheter were able to be
     advanced into the small bowel.  Catheter placed to external drainage.
     
     2) Endoscopically placed biliary stent which extends from the right biliary
     tree to the distal common bile duct.
     
     3) Moderately dilated right-sided biliary tree with an irregular and narrow
     distal duct located at the right-sided biliary confluence just proximal to the
     right and left biliary confluence.  8 Fr internal-external biliary drainage
     catheters were placed to adequately drain the dilated biliary tree, placed to
     external drainage.
     
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     4) Core Biopsies from the right distal hepatic duct.
     
     5) Large gall bladder mass, differential includes stone and tumor. 
     
     
     
     
     

",,
14561,3151,,,3108-11-18 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ********************************* CPT Codes ********************************
     * 47511 INTRO PERC TRNASHEPATIC STENT  47511 INTRO PERC TRNASHEPATIC STENT *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      47553 BILIARY BIOSPY VIA T-TUBE     *
     * -51 MULTI-PROCEDURE SAME DAY         47500 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA*
     * -51 MULTI-PROCEDURE SAME DAY         47500 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      75982 CATH/STENT FOR INT/EXT BILIARY*
     * 75982 CATH/STENT FOR INT/EXT BILIARY -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE     *
     * 74320 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA 74320 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      CATHETER, DRAINAGE                  *
     * CATHETER, DRAINAGE                   C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF           *
     * C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF            C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF           *
     * C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER  C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER *
     ****************************************************************************
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      79 year old woman with painless jaundice                                        
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      Placement of drains                                                             
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     INDICATION:  79 year old woman with questionable porta hepatis mass and
     bilateral intrahepatic biliary dilatation.  Please place bilateral
     percutaneous biliary drainage catheters and biopsy lesion if possible.
     
     RADIOLOGISTS PERFORMING PROCEDURE:  Dr. [**First Name8 (NamePattern2) 938**] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) 522**]; Dr. [**First Name4 (NamePattern1) 147**] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) 346**],
     the Staff Radiologist present throughout the entire procedure.
     
     PROCEDURE/TECHNIQUE:  Informed written consent was obtained.  The patient was
     placed under MAC anesthesia.  The anterior abdomen and right flank were
     prepped and draped in the usual sterile fashion.  Through an anesthetized skin
     approach and utilizing fluoroscopic guidance, a 22-gauge spinal needle was
     inserted into the hepatic parenchyma.  On the second puncture, access was
     obtained to the biliary system.  The biliary tree was opacified.  This
     demonstrated abrupt cutoff of contrast at the porta hepatis region.  With the
     biliary system opacified, a third puncture was made to access the biliary tree
     in a peripheral posterior right hepatic duct.  The Accu-Stick wire was
     advanced through the 22-gauge puncture needle into the biliary tree but was
     unable to be passed into the common hepatic duct. Therefore, the wire was
     advanced distally into a middle bile duct and the puncture needle was then
     exchanged for the Accu-Stick system.  The inner dilator and wire were then
     removed and a 0.035 Glidewire was used to gain access to the duodenum through
     the outer dilator of the Accu-Stick system. The outer dilator was then removed
     and exchanged for a 6-French angiographic sheath.  The inner dilator was
     removed and Kumpe catheter was advanced over the Glidewire into the duodenum
     and this catheter-wire combination was used to place the Kumpe catheter in the
     proximal jejunum.  At this point, the 0.035 Glidewire was then exchanged for a
     0.035 Super Stiff Amplatz wire.  The Kumpe catheter was removed and a pullback
     cholangiogram was performed through the angiographic sheath.
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     
     This demonstrated prompt flow of contrast in the common bile duct and common
     hepatic duct.  The cystic duct was visualized which was non-dilated. Contrast
     did fill the gallbladder and a large mass was seen. As the sheath was pulled
     back into the right hepatic duct, this demonstrated moderate-to- marked
     dilatation of the biliary tree.  There was abrupt cutoff of contrast at the
     porta hepatis.  This was slightly irregular. At this point, attempts were made
     to access the left biliary tree from the right. These were unsuccessful.
     Then, using fluoroscopic guidance through an anesthetized skin approach, a 22-
     gauge needle was inserted into the left biliary tree.  One pass was performed.
     The wire was then advanced into the puncture needle after opacification of the
     biliary tree.  This demonstrated a puncture site which was within the mid
     portion of the left main hepatic duct.  There was marked dilatation of the
     left biliary tree.  There was a rounded appearance which abruptly cut off in
     the region of the porta hepatis.  With the Accu-Stick wire coiled in this
     dilated left hepatic duct, the puncture needle was exchanged for the Accu-
     Stick system.  The inner dilator wire was then removed and more contrast was
     injected into the left system and this demonstrated a dimple of contrast
     suggesting the exit of the left hepatic duct.  A 0.035 Glidewire was then used
     to gain access to the common hepatic duct through this dimple. The wire was
     unable to pass down the common hepatic duct and therefore the wire was placed
     out the anterior right biliary tree and from this position the outer dilator
     of the Accu-Stick system was advanced over the wire beyond the mass.  The wire
     and outer dilator were pulled back and access was acheived down into the
     duodenum.  The outer dilator was then advanced over the wire into the duodenum
     just beyond the ampulla.  The 0.035 Glidewire was then exchanged for the 0.038
     Accu-Stick wire.  The Accu-Stick outer dilator was then exchanged for a 7-
     French angiographic sheath.  The inner dilator was removed and the Kumpe
     catheter was then advanced over the wire into the duodenum.  Using a 0.035
     guide wire and the Kumpe catheter, the catheter was placed in the distal
     duodenum and the 0.035 Glidewire was then exchanged for a an Amplatz stiff
     wire.
     
     Then a 0.035 Glidewire was advanced through the angiographic sheath in
     parallel to the Amplatz Super Stiff wire.  This was placed within the
     duodenum.  The angiographic sheath was then withdrawn over both wires and then
     re-advanced over the 0.035 Glidewire.  The tip was placed in the distal common
     bile duct.  Pullback cholangiogram was then performed. Again this demonstrated
     a normal appearance of the common bile duct and cystic duct.  However, as the
     catheter was pulled back, contrast opacified areas of the left biliary tree
     which were previously unseen.  This demonstrated a multifocal, rounded
     saccular appearance of the distal left hepatic duct with a regular smooth
     appearance. This suggested a benign obstruction, such as postinflammatory
     cholangitis. Therefore, the left side was not biopsied as no area of
     definitive irregular obstruction could be seen to biopsy.
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     
     At this time, the 0.035 Glidewire and angiographic sheath were then removed.
     The 0.035 wire was then advanced through the 6-French angiographic sheath on
     the right in parallel to the 0.035 Amplatz wire.  The angiographic sheath was
     then removed over both wires with the Glidewire in the duodenum and the
     Amplatz stiff wire in the proximal jejunum.  Then a 7-French angiographic
     sheath was advanced over the 0.035 Glidewire.  This tip was placed in the
     common bile duct and a pullback cholangiogram was performed.  This confirmed
     an irregular narrowed appearance at the confluence of the right hepatic ducts
     and just proximal to the confluence of the right hepatic duct and the left
     hepatic duct.  The catheter was then withdrawn to be within the mid portion of
     this irregularity and the wire was removed. A T-[**Male First Name (un) 10479**] biopsy catheter was then
     advanced through the angiographic sheath and a single pass was obtained
     yielding a good-sized tissue sample. The catheter was then withdrawn to a more
     proximal aspect of the duct and a second pass was obtained, again with a good
     tissue sample.  The catheter was then withdrawn to the most peripheral edge of
     the irregular duct and a third sample was obtained with the T-[**Male First Name (un) 10479**] biopsy
     catheter. Cholangiogram was then performed through the angiographic sheath and
     this demonstrated no extravasation of contrast.  The angiographic sheath was
     then removed and an 8- French biliary drainage catheter was advanced over the
     Amplatz wire and the pigtail formed within the duodenum.  A second 8-French
     biliary drainage catheter was advanced over the left wire and a pigtail was
     formed within the duodenum.  The proximal side holes were within the
     respective biliary trees. Contrast injection confirmed no side holes were in
     the hepatic parenchyma or outside the liver capsule.
     
     CONTRAST/MEDICATIONS:  80 cc of Conray contrast.  MAC anesthesia was provided
     by the Anesthesiology Service.  15 cc of 1% lidocaine was used for local
     anesthetic.
     
     IMPRESSION:
     
     1) Severely obstructed left biliary system, with multifocal benign-appearing
     distal strictures.  Eventually a wire and 8 Fr catheter were able to be
     advanced into the small bowel.  Catheter placed to external drainage.
     
     2) Endoscopically placed biliary stent which extends from the right biliary
     tree to the distal common bile duct.
     
     3) Moderately dilated right-sided biliary tree with an irregular and narrow
     distal duct located at the right-sided biliary confluence just proximal to the
     right and left biliary confluence.  8 Fr internal-external biliary drainage
     catheters were placed to adequately drain the dilated biliary tree, placed to
     external drainage.
     
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     4) Core Biopsies from the right distal hepatic duct.
     
     5) Large gall bladder mass, differential includes stone and tumor. 
     
     
     
     
     

",,
14561,3151,,,3108-11-18 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ********************************* CPT Codes ********************************
     * 47511 INTRO PERC TRNASHEPATIC STENT  47511 INTRO PERC TRNASHEPATIC STENT *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      47553 BILIARY BIOSPY VIA T-TUBE     *
     * -51 MULTI-PROCEDURE SAME DAY         47500 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA*
     * -51 MULTI-PROCEDURE SAME DAY         47500 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      75982 CATH/STENT FOR INT/EXT BILIARY*
     * 75982 CATH/STENT FOR INT/EXT BILIARY -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE     *
     * 74320 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA 74320 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      CATHETER, DRAINAGE                  *
     * CATHETER, DRAINAGE                   C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF           *
     * C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF            C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF           *
     * C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER  C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER *
     ****************************************************************************
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      79 year old woman with painless jaundice                                        
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      Placement of drains                                                             
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     INDICATION:  79 year old woman with questionable porta hepatis mass and
     bilateral intrahepatic biliary dilatation.  Please place bilateral
     percutaneous biliary drainage catheters and biopsy lesion if possible.
     
     RADIOLOGISTS PERFORMING PROCEDURE:  Dr. [**First Name8 (NamePattern2) 938**] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) 522**]; Dr. [**First Name4 (NamePattern1) 147**] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) 346**],
     the Staff Radiologist present throughout the entire procedure.
     
     PROCEDURE/TECHNIQUE:  Informed written consent was obtained.  The patient was
     placed under MAC anesthesia.  The anterior abdomen and right flank were
     prepped and draped in the usual sterile fashion.  Through an anesthetized skin
     approach and utilizing fluoroscopic guidance, a 22-gauge spinal needle was
     inserted into the hepatic parenchyma.  On the second puncture, access was
     obtained to the biliary system.  The biliary tree was opacified.  This
     demonstrated abrupt cutoff of contrast at the porta hepatis region.  With the
     biliary system opacified, a third puncture was made to access the biliary tree
     in a peripheral posterior right hepatic duct.  The Accu-Stick wire was
     advanced through the 22-gauge puncture needle into the biliary tree but was
     unable to be passed into the common hepatic duct. Therefore, the wire was
     advanced distally into a middle bile duct and the puncture needle was then
     exchanged for the Accu-Stick system.  The inner dilator and wire were then
     removed and a 0.035 Glidewire was used to gain access to the duodenum through
     the outer dilator of the Accu-Stick system. The outer dilator was then removed
     and exchanged for a 6-French angiographic sheath.  The inner dilator was
     removed and Kumpe catheter was advanced over the Glidewire into the duodenum
     and this catheter-wire combination was used to place the Kumpe catheter in the
     proximal jejunum.  At this point, the 0.035 Glidewire was then exchanged for a
     0.035 Super Stiff Amplatz wire.  The Kumpe catheter was removed and a pullback
     cholangiogram was performed through the angiographic sheath.
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     
     This demonstrated prompt flow of contrast in the common bile duct and common
     hepatic duct.  The cystic duct was visualized which was non-dilated. Contrast
     did fill the gallbladder and a large mass was seen. As the sheath was pulled
     back into the right hepatic duct, this demonstrated moderate-to- marked
     dilatation of the biliary tree.  There was abrupt cutoff of contrast at the
     porta hepatis.  This was slightly irregular. At this point, attempts were made
     to access the left biliary tree from the right. These were unsuccessful.
     Then, using fluoroscopic guidance through an anesthetized skin approach, a 22-
     gauge needle was inserted into the left biliary tree.  One pass was performed.
     The wire was then advanced into the puncture needle after opacification of the
     biliary tree.  This demonstrated a puncture site which was within the mid
     portion of the left main hepatic duct.  There was marked dilatation of the
     left biliary tree.  There was a rounded appearance which abruptly cut off in
     the region of the porta hepatis.  With the Accu-Stick wire coiled in this
     dilated left hepatic duct, the puncture needle was exchanged for the Accu-
     Stick system.  The inner dilator wire was then removed and more contrast was
     injected into the left system and this demonstrated a dimple of contrast
     suggesting the exit of the left hepatic duct.  A 0.035 Glidewire was then used
     to gain access to the common hepatic duct through this dimple. The wire was
     unable to pass down the common hepatic duct and therefore the wire was placed
     out the anterior right biliary tree and from this position the outer dilator
     of the Accu-Stick system was advanced over the wire beyond the mass.  The wire
     and outer dilator were pulled back and access was acheived down into the
     duodenum.  The outer dilator was then advanced over the wire into the duodenum
     just beyond the ampulla.  The 0.035 Glidewire was then exchanged for the 0.038
     Accu-Stick wire.  The Accu-Stick outer dilator was then exchanged for a 7-
     French angiographic sheath.  The inner dilator was removed and the Kumpe
     catheter was then advanced over the wire into the duodenum.  Using a 0.035
     guide wire and the Kumpe catheter, the catheter was placed in the distal
     duodenum and the 0.035 Glidewire was then exchanged for a an Amplatz stiff
     wire.
     
     Then a 0.035 Glidewire was advanced through the angiographic sheath in
     parallel to the Amplatz Super Stiff wire.  This was placed within the
     duodenum.  The angiographic sheath was then withdrawn over both wires and then
     re-advanced over the 0.035 Glidewire.  The tip was placed in the distal common
     bile duct.  Pullback cholangiogram was then performed. Again this demonstrated
     a normal appearance of the common bile duct and cystic duct.  However, as the
     catheter was pulled back, contrast opacified areas of the left biliary tree
     which were previously unseen.  This demonstrated a multifocal, rounded
     saccular appearance of the distal left hepatic duct with a regular smooth
     appearance. This suggested a benign obstruction, such as postinflammatory
     cholangitis. Therefore, the left side was not biopsied as no area of
     definitive irregular obstruction could be seen to biopsy.
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     
     At this time, the 0.035 Glidewire and angiographic sheath were then removed.
     The 0.035 wire was then advanced through the 6-French angiographic sheath on
     the right in parallel to the 0.035 Amplatz wire.  The angiographic sheath was
     then removed over both wires with the Glidewire in the duodenum and the
     Amplatz stiff wire in the proximal jejunum.  Then a 7-French angiographic
     sheath was advanced over the 0.035 Glidewire.  This tip was placed in the
     common bile duct and a pullback cholangiogram was performed.  This confirmed
     an irregular narrowed appearance at the confluence of the right hepatic ducts
     and just proximal to the confluence of the right hepatic duct and the left
     hepatic duct.  The catheter was then withdrawn to be within the mid portion of
     this irregularity and the wire was removed. A T-[**Male First Name (un) 10479**] biopsy catheter was then
     advanced through the angiographic sheath and a single pass was obtained
     yielding a good-sized tissue sample. The catheter was then withdrawn to a more
     proximal aspect of the duct and a second pass was obtained, again with a good
     tissue sample.  The catheter was then withdrawn to the most peripheral edge of
     the irregular duct and a third sample was obtained with the T-[**Male First Name (un) 10479**] biopsy
     catheter. Cholangiogram was then performed through the angiographic sheath and
     this demonstrated no extravasation of contrast.  The angiographic sheath was
     then removed and an 8- French biliary drainage catheter was advanced over the
     Amplatz wire and the pigtail formed within the duodenum.  A second 8-French
     biliary drainage catheter was advanced over the left wire and a pigtail was
     formed within the duodenum.  The proximal side holes were within the
     respective biliary trees. Contrast injection confirmed no side holes were in
     the hepatic parenchyma or outside the liver capsule.
     
     CONTRAST/MEDICATIONS:  80 cc of Conray contrast.  MAC anesthesia was provided
     by the Anesthesiology Service.  15 cc of 1% lidocaine was used for local
     anesthetic.
     
     IMPRESSION:
     
     1) Severely obstructed left biliary system, with multifocal benign-appearing
     distal strictures.  Eventually a wire and 8 Fr catheter were able to be
     advanced into the small bowel.  Catheter placed to external drainage.
     
     2) Endoscopically placed biliary stent which extends from the right biliary
     tree to the distal common bile duct.
     
     3) Moderately dilated right-sided biliary tree with an irregular and narrow
     distal duct located at the right-sided biliary confluence just proximal to the
     right and left biliary confluence.  8 Fr internal-external biliary drainage
     catheters were placed to adequately drain the dilated biliary tree, placed to
     external drainage.
     
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     4) Core Biopsies from the right distal hepatic duct.
     
     5) Large gall bladder mass, differential includes stone and tumor. 
     
     
     
     
     

",,
14561,3151,,,3108-11-18 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ********************************* CPT Codes ********************************
     * 47511 INTRO PERC TRNASHEPATIC STENT  47511 INTRO PERC TRNASHEPATIC STENT *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      47553 BILIARY BIOSPY VIA T-TUBE     *
     * -51 MULTI-PROCEDURE SAME DAY         47500 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA*
     * -51 MULTI-PROCEDURE SAME DAY         47500 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      75982 CATH/STENT FOR INT/EXT BILIARY*
     * 75982 CATH/STENT FOR INT/EXT BILIARY -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE     *
     * 74320 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA 74320 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      CATHETER, DRAINAGE                  *
     * CATHETER, DRAINAGE                   C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF           *
     * C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF            C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF           *
     * C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER  C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER *
     ****************************************************************************
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      79 year old woman with painless jaundice                                        
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      Placement of drains                                                             
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     INDICATION:  79 year old woman with questionable porta hepatis mass and
     bilateral intrahepatic biliary dilatation.  Please place bilateral
     percutaneous biliary drainage catheters and biopsy lesion if possible.
     
     RADIOLOGISTS PERFORMING PROCEDURE:  Dr. [**First Name8 (NamePattern2) 938**] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) 522**]; Dr. [**First Name4 (NamePattern1) 147**] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) 346**],
     the Staff Radiologist present throughout the entire procedure.
     
     PROCEDURE/TECHNIQUE:  Informed written consent was obtained.  The patient was
     placed under MAC anesthesia.  The anterior abdomen and right flank were
     prepped and draped in the usual sterile fashion.  Through an anesthetized skin
     approach and utilizing fluoroscopic guidance, a 22-gauge spinal needle was
     inserted into the hepatic parenchyma.  On the second puncture, access was
     obtained to the biliary system.  The biliary tree was opacified.  This
     demonstrated abrupt cutoff of contrast at the porta hepatis region.  With the
     biliary system opacified, a third puncture was made to access the biliary tree
     in a peripheral posterior right hepatic duct.  The Accu-Stick wire was
     advanced through the 22-gauge puncture needle into the biliary tree but was
     unable to be passed into the common hepatic duct. Therefore, the wire was
     advanced distally into a middle bile duct and the puncture needle was then
     exchanged for the Accu-Stick system.  The inner dilator and wire were then
     removed and a 0.035 Glidewire was used to gain access to the duodenum through
     the outer dilator of the Accu-Stick system. The outer dilator was then removed
     and exchanged for a 6-French angiographic sheath.  The inner dilator was
     removed and Kumpe catheter was advanced over the Glidewire into the duodenum
     and this catheter-wire combination was used to place the Kumpe catheter in the
     proximal jejunum.  At this point, the 0.035 Glidewire was then exchanged for a
     0.035 Super Stiff Amplatz wire.  The Kumpe catheter was removed and a pullback
     cholangiogram was performed through the angiographic sheath.
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     
     This demonstrated prompt flow of contrast in the common bile duct and common
     hepatic duct.  The cystic duct was visualized which was non-dilated. Contrast
     did fill the gallbladder and a large mass was seen. As the sheath was pulled
     back into the right hepatic duct, this demonstrated moderate-to- marked
     dilatation of the biliary tree.  There was abrupt cutoff of contrast at the
     porta hepatis.  This was slightly irregular. At this point, attempts were made
     to access the left biliary tree from the right. These were unsuccessful.
     Then, using fluoroscopic guidance through an anesthetized skin approach, a 22-
     gauge needle was inserted into the left biliary tree.  One pass was performed.
     The wire was then advanced into the puncture needle after opacification of the
     biliary tree.  This demonstrated a puncture site which was within the mid
     portion of the left main hepatic duct.  There was marked dilatation of the
     left biliary tree.  There was a rounded appearance which abruptly cut off in
     the region of the porta hepatis.  With the Accu-Stick wire coiled in this
     dilated left hepatic duct, the puncture needle was exchanged for the Accu-
     Stick system.  The inner dilator wire was then removed and more contrast was
     injected into the left system and this demonstrated a dimple of contrast
     suggesting the exit of the left hepatic duct.  A 0.035 Glidewire was then used
     to gain access to the common hepatic duct through this dimple. The wire was
     unable to pass down the common hepatic duct and therefore the wire was placed
     out the anterior right biliary tree and from this position the outer dilator
     of the Accu-Stick system was advanced over the wire beyond the mass.  The wire
     and outer dilator were pulled back and access was acheived down into the
     duodenum.  The outer dilator was then advanced over the wire into the duodenum
     just beyond the ampulla.  The 0.035 Glidewire was then exchanged for the 0.038
     Accu-Stick wire.  The Accu-Stick outer dilator was then exchanged for a 7-
     French angiographic sheath.  The inner dilator was removed and the Kumpe
     catheter was then advanced over the wire into the duodenum.  Using a 0.035
     guide wire and the Kumpe catheter, the catheter was placed in the distal
     duodenum and the 0.035 Glidewire was then exchanged for a an Amplatz stiff
     wire.
     
     Then a 0.035 Glidewire was advanced through the angiographic sheath in
     parallel to the Amplatz Super Stiff wire.  This was placed within the
     duodenum.  The angiographic sheath was then withdrawn over both wires and then
     re-advanced over the 0.035 Glidewire.  The tip was placed in the distal common
     bile duct.  Pullback cholangiogram was then performed. Again this demonstrated
     a normal appearance of the common bile duct and cystic duct.  However, as the
     catheter was pulled back, contrast opacified areas of the left biliary tree
     which were previously unseen.  This demonstrated a multifocal, rounded
     saccular appearance of the distal left hepatic duct with a regular smooth
     appearance. This suggested a benign obstruction, such as postinflammatory
     cholangitis. Therefore, the left side was not biopsied as no area of
     definitive irregular obstruction could be seen to biopsy.
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     
     At this time, the 0.035 Glidewire and angiographic sheath were then removed.
     The 0.035 wire was then advanced through the 6-French angiographic sheath on
     the right in parallel to the 0.035 Amplatz wire.  The angiographic sheath was
     then removed over both wires with the Glidewire in the duodenum and the
     Amplatz stiff wire in the proximal jejunum.  Then a 7-French angiographic
     sheath was advanced over the 0.035 Glidewire.  This tip was placed in the
     common bile duct and a pullback cholangiogram was performed.  This confirmed
     an irregular narrowed appearance at the confluence of the right hepatic ducts
     and just proximal to the confluence of the right hepatic duct and the left
     hepatic duct.  The catheter was then withdrawn to be within the mid portion of
     this irregularity and the wire was removed. A T-[**Male First Name (un) 10479**] biopsy catheter was then
     advanced through the angiographic sheath and a single pass was obtained
     yielding a good-sized tissue sample. The catheter was then withdrawn to a more
     proximal aspect of the duct and a second pass was obtained, again with a good
     tissue sample.  The catheter was then withdrawn to the most peripheral edge of
     the irregular duct and a third sample was obtained with the T-[**Male First Name (un) 10479**] biopsy
     catheter. Cholangiogram was then performed through the angiographic sheath and
     this demonstrated no extravasation of contrast.  The angiographic sheath was
     then removed and an 8- French biliary drainage catheter was advanced over the
     Amplatz wire and the pigtail formed within the duodenum.  A second 8-French
     biliary drainage catheter was advanced over the left wire and a pigtail was
     formed within the duodenum.  The proximal side holes were within the
     respective biliary trees. Contrast injection confirmed no side holes were in
     the hepatic parenchyma or outside the liver capsule.
     
     CONTRAST/MEDICATIONS:  80 cc of Conray contrast.  MAC anesthesia was provided
     by the Anesthesiology Service.  15 cc of 1% lidocaine was used for local
     anesthetic.
     
     IMPRESSION:
     
     1) Severely obstructed left biliary system, with multifocal benign-appearing
     distal strictures.  Eventually a wire and 8 Fr catheter were able to be
     advanced into the small bowel.  Catheter placed to external drainage.
     
     2) Endoscopically placed biliary stent which extends from the right biliary
     tree to the distal common bile duct.
     
     3) Moderately dilated right-sided biliary tree with an irregular and narrow
     distal duct located at the right-sided biliary confluence just proximal to the
     right and left biliary confluence.  8 Fr internal-external biliary drainage
     catheters were placed to adequately drain the dilated biliary tree, placed to
     external drainage.
     
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     4) Core Biopsies from the right distal hepatic duct.
     
     5) Large gall bladder mass, differential includes stone and tumor. 
     
     
     
     
     

",,
14561,3151,,,3108-11-18 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ********************************* CPT Codes ********************************
     * 47511 INTRO PERC TRNASHEPATIC STENT  47511 INTRO PERC TRNASHEPATIC STENT *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      47553 BILIARY BIOSPY VIA T-TUBE     *
     * -51 MULTI-PROCEDURE SAME DAY         47500 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA*
     * -51 MULTI-PROCEDURE SAME DAY         47500 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      75982 CATH/STENT FOR INT/EXT BILIARY*
     * 75982 CATH/STENT FOR INT/EXT BILIARY -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE     *
     * 74320 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA 74320 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      CATHETER, DRAINAGE                  *
     * CATHETER, DRAINAGE                   C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF           *
     * C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF            C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF           *
     * C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER  C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER *
     ****************************************************************************
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      79 year old woman with painless jaundice                                        
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      Placement of drains                                                             
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     INDICATION:  79 year old woman with questionable porta hepatis mass and
     bilateral intrahepatic biliary dilatation.  Please place bilateral
     percutaneous biliary drainage catheters and biopsy lesion if possible.
     
     RADIOLOGISTS PERFORMING PROCEDURE:  Dr. [**First Name8 (NamePattern2) 938**] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) 522**]; Dr. [**First Name4 (NamePattern1) 147**] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) 346**],
     the Staff Radiologist present throughout the entire procedure.
     
     PROCEDURE/TECHNIQUE:  Informed written consent was obtained.  The patient was
     placed under MAC anesthesia.  The anterior abdomen and right flank were
     prepped and draped in the usual sterile fashion.  Through an anesthetized skin
     approach and utilizing fluoroscopic guidance, a 22-gauge spinal needle was
     inserted into the hepatic parenchyma.  On the second puncture, access was
     obtained to the biliary system.  The biliary tree was opacified.  This
     demonstrated abrupt cutoff of contrast at the porta hepatis region.  With the
     biliary system opacified, a third puncture was made to access the biliary tree
     in a peripheral posterior right hepatic duct.  The Accu-Stick wire was
     advanced through the 22-gauge puncture needle into the biliary tree but was
     unable to be passed into the common hepatic duct. Therefore, the wire was
     advanced distally into a middle bile duct and the puncture needle was then
     exchanged for the Accu-Stick system.  The inner dilator and wire were then
     removed and a 0.035 Glidewire was used to gain access to the duodenum through
     the outer dilator of the Accu-Stick system. The outer dilator was then removed
     and exchanged for a 6-French angiographic sheath.  The inner dilator was
     removed and Kumpe catheter was advanced over the Glidewire into the duodenum
     and this catheter-wire combination was used to place the Kumpe catheter in the
     proximal jejunum.  At this point, the 0.035 Glidewire was then exchanged for a
     0.035 Super Stiff Amplatz wire.  The Kumpe catheter was removed and a pullback
     cholangiogram was performed through the angiographic sheath.
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     
     This demonstrated prompt flow of contrast in the common bile duct and common
     hepatic duct.  The cystic duct was visualized which was non-dilated. Contrast
     did fill the gallbladder and a large mass was seen. As the sheath was pulled
     back into the right hepatic duct, this demonstrated moderate-to- marked
     dilatation of the biliary tree.  There was abrupt cutoff of contrast at the
     porta hepatis.  This was slightly irregular. At this point, attempts were made
     to access the left biliary tree from the right. These were unsuccessful.
     Then, using fluoroscopic guidance through an anesthetized skin approach, a 22-
     gauge needle was inserted into the left biliary tree.  One pass was performed.
     The wire was then advanced into the puncture needle after opacification of the
     biliary tree.  This demonstrated a puncture site which was within the mid
     portion of the left main hepatic duct.  There was marked dilatation of the
     left biliary tree.  There was a rounded appearance which abruptly cut off in
     the region of the porta hepatis.  With the Accu-Stick wire coiled in this
     dilated left hepatic duct, the puncture needle was exchanged for the Accu-
     Stick system.  The inner dilator wire was then removed and more contrast was
     injected into the left system and this demonstrated a dimple of contrast
     suggesting the exit of the left hepatic duct.  A 0.035 Glidewire was then used
     to gain access to the common hepatic duct through this dimple. The wire was
     unable to pass down the common hepatic duct and therefore the wire was placed
     out the anterior right biliary tree and from this position the outer dilator
     of the Accu-Stick system was advanced over the wire beyond the mass.  The wire
     and outer dilator were pulled back and access was acheived down into the
     duodenum.  The outer dilator was then advanced over the wire into the duodenum
     just beyond the ampulla.  The 0.035 Glidewire was then exchanged for the 0.038
     Accu-Stick wire.  The Accu-Stick outer dilator was then exchanged for a 7-
     French angiographic sheath.  The inner dilator was removed and the Kumpe
     catheter was then advanced over the wire into the duodenum.  Using a 0.035
     guide wire and the Kumpe catheter, the catheter was placed in the distal
     duodenum and the 0.035 Glidewire was then exchanged for a an Amplatz stiff
     wire.
     
     Then a 0.035 Glidewire was advanced through the angiographic sheath in
     parallel to the Amplatz Super Stiff wire.  This was placed within the
     duodenum.  The angiographic sheath was then withdrawn over both wires and then
     re-advanced over the 0.035 Glidewire.  The tip was placed in the distal common
     bile duct.  Pullback cholangiogram was then performed. Again this demonstrated
     a normal appearance of the common bile duct and cystic duct.  However, as the
     catheter was pulled back, contrast opacified areas of the left biliary tree
     which were previously unseen.  This demonstrated a multifocal, rounded
     saccular appearance of the distal left hepatic duct with a regular smooth
     appearance. This suggested a benign obstruction, such as postinflammatory
     cholangitis. Therefore, the left side was not biopsied as no area of
     definitive irregular obstruction could be seen to biopsy.
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     
     At this time, the 0.035 Glidewire and angiographic sheath were then removed.
     The 0.035 wire was then advanced through the 6-French angiographic sheath on
     the right in parallel to the 0.035 Amplatz wire.  The angiographic sheath was
     then removed over both wires with the Glidewire in the duodenum and the
     Amplatz stiff wire in the proximal jejunum.  Then a 7-French angiographic
     sheath was advanced over the 0.035 Glidewire.  This tip was placed in the
     common bile duct and a pullback cholangiogram was performed.  This confirmed
     an irregular narrowed appearance at the confluence of the right hepatic ducts
     and just proximal to the confluence of the right hepatic duct and the left
     hepatic duct.  The catheter was then withdrawn to be within the mid portion of
     this irregularity and the wire was removed. A T-[**Male First Name (un) 10479**] biopsy catheter was then
     advanced through the angiographic sheath and a single pass was obtained
     yielding a good-sized tissue sample. The catheter was then withdrawn to a more
     proximal aspect of the duct and a second pass was obtained, again with a good
     tissue sample.  The catheter was then withdrawn to the most peripheral edge of
     the irregular duct and a third sample was obtained with the T-[**Male First Name (un) 10479**] biopsy
     catheter. Cholangiogram was then performed through the angiographic sheath and
     this demonstrated no extravasation of contrast.  The angiographic sheath was
     then removed and an 8- French biliary drainage catheter was advanced over the
     Amplatz wire and the pigtail formed within the duodenum.  A second 8-French
     biliary drainage catheter was advanced over the left wire and a pigtail was
     formed within the duodenum.  The proximal side holes were within the
     respective biliary trees. Contrast injection confirmed no side holes were in
     the hepatic parenchyma or outside the liver capsule.
     
     CONTRAST/MEDICATIONS:  80 cc of Conray contrast.  MAC anesthesia was provided
     by the Anesthesiology Service.  15 cc of 1% lidocaine was used for local
     anesthetic.
     
     IMPRESSION:
     
     1) Severely obstructed left biliary system, with multifocal benign-appearing
     distal strictures.  Eventually a wire and 8 Fr catheter were able to be
     advanced into the small bowel.  Catheter placed to external drainage.
     
     2) Endoscopically placed biliary stent which extends from the right biliary
     tree to the distal common bile duct.
     
     3) Moderately dilated right-sided biliary tree with an irregular and narrow
     distal duct located at the right-sided biliary confluence just proximal to the
     right and left biliary confluence.  8 Fr internal-external biliary drainage
     catheters were placed to adequately drain the dilated biliary tree, placed to
     external drainage.
     
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     4) Core Biopsies from the right distal hepatic duct.
     
     5) Large gall bladder mass, differential includes stone and tumor. 
     
     
     
     
     

",,
14561,3151,,,3108-11-18 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ********************************* CPT Codes ********************************
     * 47511 INTRO PERC TRNASHEPATIC STENT  47511 INTRO PERC TRNASHEPATIC STENT *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      47553 BILIARY BIOSPY VIA T-TUBE     *
     * -51 MULTI-PROCEDURE SAME DAY         47500 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA*
     * -51 MULTI-PROCEDURE SAME DAY         47500 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      75982 CATH/STENT FOR INT/EXT BILIARY*
     * 75982 CATH/STENT FOR INT/EXT BILIARY -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE     *
     * 74320 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA 74320 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      CATHETER, DRAINAGE                  *
     * CATHETER, DRAINAGE                   C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF           *
     * C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF            C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF           *
     * C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER  C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER *
     ****************************************************************************
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      79 year old woman with painless jaundice                                        
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      Placement of drains                                                             
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     INDICATION:  79 year old woman with questionable porta hepatis mass and
     bilateral intrahepatic biliary dilatation.  Please place bilateral
     percutaneous biliary drainage catheters and biopsy lesion if possible.
     
     RADIOLOGISTS PERFORMING PROCEDURE:  Dr. [**First Name8 (NamePattern2) 938**] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) 522**]; Dr. [**First Name4 (NamePattern1) 147**] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) 346**],
     the Staff Radiologist present throughout the entire procedure.
     
     PROCEDURE/TECHNIQUE:  Informed written consent was obtained.  The patient was
     placed under MAC anesthesia.  The anterior abdomen and right flank were
     prepped and draped in the usual sterile fashion.  Through an anesthetized skin
     approach and utilizing fluoroscopic guidance, a 22-gauge spinal needle was
     inserted into the hepatic parenchyma.  On the second puncture, access was
     obtained to the biliary system.  The biliary tree was opacified.  This
     demonstrated abrupt cutoff of contrast at the porta hepatis region.  With the
     biliary system opacified, a third puncture was made to access the biliary tree
     in a peripheral posterior right hepatic duct.  The Accu-Stick wire was
     advanced through the 22-gauge puncture needle into the biliary tree but was
     unable to be passed into the common hepatic duct. Therefore, the wire was
     advanced distally into a middle bile duct and the puncture needle was then
     exchanged for the Accu-Stick system.  The inner dilator and wire were then
     removed and a 0.035 Glidewire was used to gain access to the duodenum through
     the outer dilator of the Accu-Stick system. The outer dilator was then removed
     and exchanged for a 6-French angiographic sheath.  The inner dilator was
     removed and Kumpe catheter was advanced over the Glidewire into the duodenum
     and this catheter-wire combination was used to place the Kumpe catheter in the
     proximal jejunum.  At this point, the 0.035 Glidewire was then exchanged for a
     0.035 Super Stiff Amplatz wire.  The Kumpe catheter was removed and a pullback
     cholangiogram was performed through the angiographic sheath.
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     
     This demonstrated prompt flow of contrast in the common bile duct and common
     hepatic duct.  The cystic duct was visualized which was non-dilated. Contrast
     did fill the gallbladder and a large mass was seen. As the sheath was pulled
     back into the right hepatic duct, this demonstrated moderate-to- marked
     dilatation of the biliary tree.  There was abrupt cutoff of contrast at the
     porta hepatis.  This was slightly irregular. At this point, attempts were made
     to access the left biliary tree from the right. These were unsuccessful.
     Then, using fluoroscopic guidance through an anesthetized skin approach, a 22-
     gauge needle was inserted into the left biliary tree.  One pass was performed.
     The wire was then advanced into the puncture needle after opacification of the
     biliary tree.  This demonstrated a puncture site which was within the mid
     portion of the left main hepatic duct.  There was marked dilatation of the
     left biliary tree.  There was a rounded appearance which abruptly cut off in
     the region of the porta hepatis.  With the Accu-Stick wire coiled in this
     dilated left hepatic duct, the puncture needle was exchanged for the Accu-
     Stick system.  The inner dilator wire was then removed and more contrast was
     injected into the left system and this demonstrated a dimple of contrast
     suggesting the exit of the left hepatic duct.  A 0.035 Glidewire was then used
     to gain access to the common hepatic duct through this dimple. The wire was
     unable to pass down the common hepatic duct and therefore the wire was placed
     out the anterior right biliary tree and from this position the outer dilator
     of the Accu-Stick system was advanced over the wire beyond the mass.  The wire
     and outer dilator were pulled back and access was acheived down into the
     duodenum.  The outer dilator was then advanced over the wire into the duodenum
     just beyond the ampulla.  The 0.035 Glidewire was then exchanged for the 0.038
     Accu-Stick wire.  The Accu-Stick outer dilator was then exchanged for a 7-
     French angiographic sheath.  The inner dilator was removed and the Kumpe
     catheter was then advanced over the wire into the duodenum.  Using a 0.035
     guide wire and the Kumpe catheter, the catheter was placed in the distal
     duodenum and the 0.035 Glidewire was then exchanged for a an Amplatz stiff
     wire.
     
     Then a 0.035 Glidewire was advanced through the angiographic sheath in
     parallel to the Amplatz Super Stiff wire.  This was placed within the
     duodenum.  The angiographic sheath was then withdrawn over both wires and then
     re-advanced over the 0.035 Glidewire.  The tip was placed in the distal common
     bile duct.  Pullback cholangiogram was then performed. Again this demonstrated
     a normal appearance of the common bile duct and cystic duct.  However, as the
     catheter was pulled back, contrast opacified areas of the left biliary tree
     which were previously unseen.  This demonstrated a multifocal, rounded
     saccular appearance of the distal left hepatic duct with a regular smooth
     appearance. This suggested a benign obstruction, such as postinflammatory
     cholangitis. Therefore, the left side was not biopsied as no area of
     definitive irregular obstruction could be seen to biopsy.
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     
     At this time, the 0.035 Glidewire and angiographic sheath were then removed.
     The 0.035 wire was then advanced through the 6-French angiographic sheath on
     the right in parallel to the 0.035 Amplatz wire.  The angiographic sheath was
     then removed over both wires with the Glidewire in the duodenum and the
     Amplatz stiff wire in the proximal jejunum.  Then a 7-French angiographic
     sheath was advanced over the 0.035 Glidewire.  This tip was placed in the
     common bile duct and a pullback cholangiogram was performed.  This confirmed
     an irregular narrowed appearance at the confluence of the right hepatic ducts
     and just proximal to the confluence of the right hepatic duct and the left
     hepatic duct.  The catheter was then withdrawn to be within the mid portion of
     this irregularity and the wire was removed. A T-[**Male First Name (un) 10479**] biopsy catheter was then
     advanced through the angiographic sheath and a single pass was obtained
     yielding a good-sized tissue sample. The catheter was then withdrawn to a more
     proximal aspect of the duct and a second pass was obtained, again with a good
     tissue sample.  The catheter was then withdrawn to the most peripheral edge of
     the irregular duct and a third sample was obtained with the T-[**Male First Name (un) 10479**] biopsy
     catheter. Cholangiogram was then performed through the angiographic sheath and
     this demonstrated no extravasation of contrast.  The angiographic sheath was
     then removed and an 8- French biliary drainage catheter was advanced over the
     Amplatz wire and the pigtail formed within the duodenum.  A second 8-French
     biliary drainage catheter was advanced over the left wire and a pigtail was
     formed within the duodenum.  The proximal side holes were within the
     respective biliary trees. Contrast injection confirmed no side holes were in
     the hepatic parenchyma or outside the liver capsule.
     
     CONTRAST/MEDICATIONS:  80 cc of Conray contrast.  MAC anesthesia was provided
     by the Anesthesiology Service.  15 cc of 1% lidocaine was used for local
     anesthetic.
     
     IMPRESSION:
     
     1) Severely obstructed left biliary system, with multifocal benign-appearing
     distal strictures.  Eventually a wire and 8 Fr catheter were able to be
     advanced into the small bowel.  Catheter placed to external drainage.
     
     2) Endoscopically placed biliary stent which extends from the right biliary
     tree to the distal common bile duct.
     
     3) Moderately dilated right-sided biliary tree with an irregular and narrow
     distal duct located at the right-sided biliary confluence just proximal to the
     right and left biliary confluence.  8 Fr internal-external biliary drainage
     catheters were placed to adequately drain the dilated biliary tree, placed to
     external drainage.
     
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     4) Core Biopsies from the right distal hepatic duct.
     
     5) Large gall bladder mass, differential includes stone and tumor. 
     
     
     
     
     

",,
14561,3151,,,3108-11-18 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ********************************* CPT Codes ********************************
     * 47511 INTRO PERC TRNASHEPATIC STENT  47511 INTRO PERC TRNASHEPATIC STENT *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      47553 BILIARY BIOSPY VIA T-TUBE     *
     * -51 MULTI-PROCEDURE SAME DAY         47500 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA*
     * -51 MULTI-PROCEDURE SAME DAY         47500 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      75982 CATH/STENT FOR INT/EXT BILIARY*
     * 75982 CATH/STENT FOR INT/EXT BILIARY -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE     *
     * 74320 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA 74320 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      CATHETER, DRAINAGE                  *
     * CATHETER, DRAINAGE                   C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF           *
     * C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF            C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF           *
     * C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER  C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER *
     ****************************************************************************
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      79 year old woman with painless jaundice                                        
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      Placement of drains                                                             
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     INDICATION:  79 year old woman with questionable porta hepatis mass and
     bilateral intrahepatic biliary dilatation.  Please place bilateral
     percutaneous biliary drainage catheters and biopsy lesion if possible.
     
     RADIOLOGISTS PERFORMING PROCEDURE:  Dr. [**First Name8 (NamePattern2) 938**] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) 522**]; Dr. [**First Name4 (NamePattern1) 147**] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) 346**],
     the Staff Radiologist present throughout the entire procedure.
     
     PROCEDURE/TECHNIQUE:  Informed written consent was obtained.  The patient was
     placed under MAC anesthesia.  The anterior abdomen and right flank were
     prepped and draped in the usual sterile fashion.  Through an anesthetized skin
     approach and utilizing fluoroscopic guidance, a 22-gauge spinal needle was
     inserted into the hepatic parenchyma.  On the second puncture, access was
     obtained to the biliary system.  The biliary tree was opacified.  This
     demonstrated abrupt cutoff of contrast at the porta hepatis region.  With the
     biliary system opacified, a third puncture was made to access the biliary tree
     in a peripheral posterior right hepatic duct.  The Accu-Stick wire was
     advanced through the 22-gauge puncture needle into the biliary tree but was
     unable to be passed into the common hepatic duct. Therefore, the wire was
     advanced distally into a middle bile duct and the puncture needle was then
     exchanged for the Accu-Stick system.  The inner dilator and wire were then
     removed and a 0.035 Glidewire was used to gain access to the duodenum through
     the outer dilator of the Accu-Stick system. The outer dilator was then removed
     and exchanged for a 6-French angiographic sheath.  The inner dilator was
     removed and Kumpe catheter was advanced over the Glidewire into the duodenum
     and this catheter-wire combination was used to place the Kumpe catheter in the
     proximal jejunum.  At this point, the 0.035 Glidewire was then exchanged for a
     0.035 Super Stiff Amplatz wire.  The Kumpe catheter was removed and a pullback
     cholangiogram was performed through the angiographic sheath.
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     
     This demonstrated prompt flow of contrast in the common bile duct and common
     hepatic duct.  The cystic duct was visualized which was non-dilated. Contrast
     did fill the gallbladder and a large mass was seen. As the sheath was pulled
     back into the right hepatic duct, this demonstrated moderate-to- marked
     dilatation of the biliary tree.  There was abrupt cutoff of contrast at the
     porta hepatis.  This was slightly irregular. At this point, attempts were made
     to access the left biliary tree from the right. These were unsuccessful.
     Then, using fluoroscopic guidance through an anesthetized skin approach, a 22-
     gauge needle was inserted into the left biliary tree.  One pass was performed.
     The wire was then advanced into the puncture needle after opacification of the
     biliary tree.  This demonstrated a puncture site which was within the mid
     portion of the left main hepatic duct.  There was marked dilatation of the
     left biliary tree.  There was a rounded appearance which abruptly cut off in
     the region of the porta hepatis.  With the Accu-Stick wire coiled in this
     dilated left hepatic duct, the puncture needle was exchanged for the Accu-
     Stick system.  The inner dilator wire was then removed and more contrast was
     injected into the left system and this demonstrated a dimple of contrast
     suggesting the exit of the left hepatic duct.  A 0.035 Glidewire was then used
     to gain access to the common hepatic duct through this dimple. The wire was
     unable to pass down the common hepatic duct and therefore the wire was placed
     out the anterior right biliary tree and from this position the outer dilator
     of the Accu-Stick system was advanced over the wire beyond the mass.  The wire
     and outer dilator were pulled back and access was acheived down into the
     duodenum.  The outer dilator was then advanced over the wire into the duodenum
     just beyond the ampulla.  The 0.035 Glidewire was then exchanged for the 0.038
     Accu-Stick wire.  The Accu-Stick outer dilator was then exchanged for a 7-
     French angiographic sheath.  The inner dilator was removed and the Kumpe
     catheter was then advanced over the wire into the duodenum.  Using a 0.035
     guide wire and the Kumpe catheter, the catheter was placed in the distal
     duodenum and the 0.035 Glidewire was then exchanged for a an Amplatz stiff
     wire.
     
     Then a 0.035 Glidewire was advanced through the angiographic sheath in
     parallel to the Amplatz Super Stiff wire.  This was placed within the
     duodenum.  The angiographic sheath was then withdrawn over both wires and then
     re-advanced over the 0.035 Glidewire.  The tip was placed in the distal common
     bile duct.  Pullback cholangiogram was then performed. Again this demonstrated
     a normal appearance of the common bile duct and cystic duct.  However, as the
     catheter was pulled back, contrast opacified areas of the left biliary tree
     which were previously unseen.  This demonstrated a multifocal, rounded
     saccular appearance of the distal left hepatic duct with a regular smooth
     appearance. This suggested a benign obstruction, such as postinflammatory
     cholangitis. Therefore, the left side was not biopsied as no area of
     definitive irregular obstruction could be seen to biopsy.
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     
     At this time, the 0.035 Glidewire and angiographic sheath were then removed.
     The 0.035 wire was then advanced through the 6-French angiographic sheath on
     the right in parallel to the 0.035 Amplatz wire.  The angiographic sheath was
     then removed over both wires with the Glidewire in the duodenum and the
     Amplatz stiff wire in the proximal jejunum.  Then a 7-French angiographic
     sheath was advanced over the 0.035 Glidewire.  This tip was placed in the
     common bile duct and a pullback cholangiogram was performed.  This confirmed
     an irregular narrowed appearance at the confluence of the right hepatic ducts
     and just proximal to the confluence of the right hepatic duct and the left
     hepatic duct.  The catheter was then withdrawn to be within the mid portion of
     this irregularity and the wire was removed. A T-[**Male First Name (un) 10479**] biopsy catheter was then
     advanced through the angiographic sheath and a single pass was obtained
     yielding a good-sized tissue sample. The catheter was then withdrawn to a more
     proximal aspect of the duct and a second pass was obtained, again with a good
     tissue sample.  The catheter was then withdrawn to the most peripheral edge of
     the irregular duct and a third sample was obtained with the T-[**Male First Name (un) 10479**] biopsy
     catheter. Cholangiogram was then performed through the angiographic sheath and
     this demonstrated no extravasation of contrast.  The angiographic sheath was
     then removed and an 8- French biliary drainage catheter was advanced over the
     Amplatz wire and the pigtail formed within the duodenum.  A second 8-French
     biliary drainage catheter was advanced over the left wire and a pigtail was
     formed within the duodenum.  The proximal side holes were within the
     respective biliary trees. Contrast injection confirmed no side holes were in
     the hepatic parenchyma or outside the liver capsule.
     
     CONTRAST/MEDICATIONS:  80 cc of Conray contrast.  MAC anesthesia was provided
     by the Anesthesiology Service.  15 cc of 1% lidocaine was used for local
     anesthetic.
     
     IMPRESSION:
     
     1) Severely obstructed left biliary system, with multifocal benign-appearing
     distal strictures.  Eventually a wire and 8 Fr catheter were able to be
     advanced into the small bowel.  Catheter placed to external drainage.
     
     2) Endoscopically placed biliary stent which extends from the right biliary
     tree to the distal common bile duct.
     
     3) Moderately dilated right-sided biliary tree with an irregular and narrow
     distal duct located at the right-sided biliary confluence just proximal to the
     right and left biliary confluence.  8 Fr internal-external biliary drainage
     catheters were placed to adequately drain the dilated biliary tree, placed to
     external drainage.
     
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     4) Core Biopsies from the right distal hepatic duct.
     
     5) Large gall bladder mass, differential includes stone and tumor. 
     
     
     
     
     

",,
14561,3151,,,3108-11-18 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ********************************* CPT Codes ********************************
     * 47511 INTRO PERC TRNASHEPATIC STENT  47511 INTRO PERC TRNASHEPATIC STENT *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      47553 BILIARY BIOSPY VIA T-TUBE     *
     * -51 MULTI-PROCEDURE SAME DAY         47500 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA*
     * -51 MULTI-PROCEDURE SAME DAY         47500 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      75982 CATH/STENT FOR INT/EXT BILIARY*
     * 75982 CATH/STENT FOR INT/EXT BILIARY -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE     *
     * 74320 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA 74320 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      CATHETER, DRAINAGE                  *
     * CATHETER, DRAINAGE                   C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF           *
     * C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF            C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF           *
     * C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER  C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER *
     ****************************************************************************
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      79 year old woman with painless jaundice                                        
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      Placement of drains                                                             
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     INDICATION:  79 year old woman with questionable porta hepatis mass and
     bilateral intrahepatic biliary dilatation.  Please place bilateral
     percutaneous biliary drainage catheters and biopsy lesion if possible.
     
     RADIOLOGISTS PERFORMING PROCEDURE:  Dr. [**First Name8 (NamePattern2) 938**] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) 522**]; Dr. [**First Name4 (NamePattern1) 147**] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) 346**],
     the Staff Radiologist present throughout the entire procedure.
     
     PROCEDURE/TECHNIQUE:  Informed written consent was obtained.  The patient was
     placed under MAC anesthesia.  The anterior abdomen and right flank were
     prepped and draped in the usual sterile fashion.  Through an anesthetized skin
     approach and utilizing fluoroscopic guidance, a 22-gauge spinal needle was
     inserted into the hepatic parenchyma.  On the second puncture, access was
     obtained to the biliary system.  The biliary tree was opacified.  This
     demonstrated abrupt cutoff of contrast at the porta hepatis region.  With the
     biliary system opacified, a third puncture was made to access the biliary tree
     in a peripheral posterior right hepatic duct.  The Accu-Stick wire was
     advanced through the 22-gauge puncture needle into the biliary tree but was
     unable to be passed into the common hepatic duct. Therefore, the wire was
     advanced distally into a middle bile duct and the puncture needle was then
     exchanged for the Accu-Stick system.  The inner dilator and wire were then
     removed and a 0.035 Glidewire was used to gain access to the duodenum through
     the outer dilator of the Accu-Stick system. The outer dilator was then removed
     and exchanged for a 6-French angiographic sheath.  The inner dilator was
     removed and Kumpe catheter was advanced over the Glidewire into the duodenum
     and this catheter-wire combination was used to place the Kumpe catheter in the
     proximal jejunum.  At this point, the 0.035 Glidewire was then exchanged for a
     0.035 Super Stiff Amplatz wire.  The Kumpe catheter was removed and a pullback
     cholangiogram was performed through the angiographic sheath.
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     
     This demonstrated prompt flow of contrast in the common bile duct and common
     hepatic duct.  The cystic duct was visualized which was non-dilated. Contrast
     did fill the gallbladder and a large mass was seen. As the sheath was pulled
     back into the right hepatic duct, this demonstrated moderate-to- marked
     dilatation of the biliary tree.  There was abrupt cutoff of contrast at the
     porta hepatis.  This was slightly irregular. At this point, attempts were made
     to access the left biliary tree from the right. These were unsuccessful.
     Then, using fluoroscopic guidance through an anesthetized skin approach, a 22-
     gauge needle was inserted into the left biliary tree.  One pass was performed.
     The wire was then advanced into the puncture needle after opacification of the
     biliary tree.  This demonstrated a puncture site which was within the mid
     portion of the left main hepatic duct.  There was marked dilatation of the
     left biliary tree.  There was a rounded appearance which abruptly cut off in
     the region of the porta hepatis.  With the Accu-Stick wire coiled in this
     dilated left hepatic duct, the puncture needle was exchanged for the Accu-
     Stick system.  The inner dilator wire was then removed and more contrast was
     injected into the left system and this demonstrated a dimple of contrast
     suggesting the exit of the left hepatic duct.  A 0.035 Glidewire was then used
     to gain access to the common hepatic duct through this dimple. The wire was
     unable to pass down the common hepatic duct and therefore the wire was placed
     out the anterior right biliary tree and from this position the outer dilator
     of the Accu-Stick system was advanced over the wire beyond the mass.  The wire
     and outer dilator were pulled back and access was acheived down into the
     duodenum.  The outer dilator was then advanced over the wire into the duodenum
     just beyond the ampulla.  The 0.035 Glidewire was then exchanged for the 0.038
     Accu-Stick wire.  The Accu-Stick outer dilator was then exchanged for a 7-
     French angiographic sheath.  The inner dilator was removed and the Kumpe
     catheter was then advanced over the wire into the duodenum.  Using a 0.035
     guide wire and the Kumpe catheter, the catheter was placed in the distal
     duodenum and the 0.035 Glidewire was then exchanged for a an Amplatz stiff
     wire.
     
     Then a 0.035 Glidewire was advanced through the angiographic sheath in
     parallel to the Amplatz Super Stiff wire.  This was placed within the
     duodenum.  The angiographic sheath was then withdrawn over both wires and then
     re-advanced over the 0.035 Glidewire.  The tip was placed in the distal common
     bile duct.  Pullback cholangiogram was then performed. Again this demonstrated
     a normal appearance of the common bile duct and cystic duct.  However, as the
     catheter was pulled back, contrast opacified areas of the left biliary tree
     which were previously unseen.  This demonstrated a multifocal, rounded
     saccular appearance of the distal left hepatic duct with a regular smooth
     appearance. This suggested a benign obstruction, such as postinflammatory
     cholangitis. Therefore, the left side was not biopsied as no area of
     definitive irregular obstruction could be seen to biopsy.
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     
     At this time, the 0.035 Glidewire and angiographic sheath were then removed.
     The 0.035 wire was then advanced through the 6-French angiographic sheath on
     the right in parallel to the 0.035 Amplatz wire.  The angiographic sheath was
     then removed over both wires with the Glidewire in the duodenum and the
     Amplatz stiff wire in the proximal jejunum.  Then a 7-French angiographic
     sheath was advanced over the 0.035 Glidewire.  This tip was placed in the
     common bile duct and a pullback cholangiogram was performed.  This confirmed
     an irregular narrowed appearance at the confluence of the right hepatic ducts
     and just proximal to the confluence of the right hepatic duct and the left
     hepatic duct.  The catheter was then withdrawn to be within the mid portion of
     this irregularity and the wire was removed. A T-[**Male First Name (un) 10479**] biopsy catheter was then
     advanced through the angiographic sheath and a single pass was obtained
     yielding a good-sized tissue sample. The catheter was then withdrawn to a more
     proximal aspect of the duct and a second pass was obtained, again with a good
     tissue sample.  The catheter was then withdrawn to the most peripheral edge of
     the irregular duct and a third sample was obtained with the T-[**Male First Name (un) 10479**] biopsy
     catheter. Cholangiogram was then performed through the angiographic sheath and
     this demonstrated no extravasation of contrast.  The angiographic sheath was
     then removed and an 8- French biliary drainage catheter was advanced over the
     Amplatz wire and the pigtail formed within the duodenum.  A second 8-French
     biliary drainage catheter was advanced over the left wire and a pigtail was
     formed within the duodenum.  The proximal side holes were within the
     respective biliary trees. Contrast injection confirmed no side holes were in
     the hepatic parenchyma or outside the liver capsule.
     
     CONTRAST/MEDICATIONS:  80 cc of Conray contrast.  MAC anesthesia was provided
     by the Anesthesiology Service.  15 cc of 1% lidocaine was used for local
     anesthetic.
     
     IMPRESSION:
     
     1) Severely obstructed left biliary system, with multifocal benign-appearing
     distal strictures.  Eventually a wire and 8 Fr catheter were able to be
     advanced into the small bowel.  Catheter placed to external drainage.
     
     2) Endoscopically placed biliary stent which extends from the right biliary
     tree to the distal common bile duct.
     
     3) Moderately dilated right-sided biliary tree with an irregular and narrow
     distal duct located at the right-sided biliary confluence just proximal to the
     right and left biliary confluence.  8 Fr internal-external biliary drainage
     catheters were placed to adequately drain the dilated biliary tree, placed to
     external drainage.
     
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     4) Core Biopsies from the right distal hepatic duct.
     
     5) Large gall bladder mass, differential includes stone and tumor. 
     
     
     
     
     

",,
14561,3151,,,3108-11-18 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ********************************* CPT Codes ********************************
     * 47511 INTRO PERC TRNASHEPATIC STENT  47511 INTRO PERC TRNASHEPATIC STENT *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      47553 BILIARY BIOSPY VIA T-TUBE     *
     * -51 MULTI-PROCEDURE SAME DAY         47500 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA*
     * -51 MULTI-PROCEDURE SAME DAY         47500 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      75982 CATH/STENT FOR INT/EXT BILIARY*
     * 75982 CATH/STENT FOR INT/EXT BILIARY -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE     *
     * 74320 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA 74320 PERC TRANSHEPATIC CHOLANGIOGRA*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      CATHETER, DRAINAGE                  *
     * CATHETER, DRAINAGE                   C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF           *
     * C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF            C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF           *
     * C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER  C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER *
     ****************************************************************************
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      79 year old woman with painless jaundice                                        
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      Placement of drains                                                             
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     INDICATION:  79 year old woman with questionable porta hepatis mass and
     bilateral intrahepatic biliary dilatation.  Please place bilateral
     percutaneous biliary drainage catheters and biopsy lesion if possible.
     
     RADIOLOGISTS PERFORMING PROCEDURE:  Dr. [**First Name8 (NamePattern2) 938**] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) 522**]; Dr. [**First Name4 (NamePattern1) 147**] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) 346**],
     the Staff Radiologist present throughout the entire procedure.
     
     PROCEDURE/TECHNIQUE:  Informed written consent was obtained.  The patient was
     placed under MAC anesthesia.  The anterior abdomen and right flank were
     prepped and draped in the usual sterile fashion.  Through an anesthetized skin
     approach and utilizing fluoroscopic guidance, a 22-gauge spinal needle was
     inserted into the hepatic parenchyma.  On the second puncture, access was
     obtained to the biliary system.  The biliary tree was opacified.  This
     demonstrated abrupt cutoff of contrast at the porta hepatis region.  With the
     biliary system opacified, a third puncture was made to access the biliary tree
     in a peripheral posterior right hepatic duct.  The Accu-Stick wire was
     advanced through the 22-gauge puncture needle into the biliary tree but was
     unable to be passed into the common hepatic duct. Therefore, the wire was
     advanced distally into a middle bile duct and the puncture needle was then
     exchanged for the Accu-Stick system.  The inner dilator and wire were then
     removed and a 0.035 Glidewire was used to gain access to the duodenum through
     the outer dilator of the Accu-Stick system. The outer dilator was then removed
     and exchanged for a 6-French angiographic sheath.  The inner dilator was
     removed and Kumpe catheter was advanced over the Glidewire into the duodenum
     and this catheter-wire combination was used to place the Kumpe catheter in the
     proximal jejunum.  At this point, the 0.035 Glidewire was then exchanged for a
     0.035 Super Stiff Amplatz wire.  The Kumpe catheter was removed and a pullback
     cholangiogram was performed through the angiographic sheath.
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     
     This demonstrated prompt flow of contrast in the common bile duct and common
     hepatic duct.  The cystic duct was visualized which was non-dilated. Contrast
     did fill the gallbladder and a large mass was seen. As the sheath was pulled
     back into the right hepatic duct, this demonstrated moderate-to- marked
     dilatation of the biliary tree.  There was abrupt cutoff of contrast at the
     porta hepatis.  This was slightly irregular. At this point, attempts were made
     to access the left biliary tree from the right. These were unsuccessful.
     Then, using fluoroscopic guidance through an anesthetized skin approach, a 22-
     gauge needle was inserted into the left biliary tree.  One pass was performed.
     The wire was then advanced into the puncture needle after opacification of the
     biliary tree.  This demonstrated a puncture site which was within the mid
     portion of the left main hepatic duct.  There was marked dilatation of the
     left biliary tree.  There was a rounded appearance which abruptly cut off in
     the region of the porta hepatis.  With the Accu-Stick wire coiled in this
     dilated left hepatic duct, the puncture needle was exchanged for the Accu-
     Stick system.  The inner dilator wire was then removed and more contrast was
     injected into the left system and this demonstrated a dimple of contrast
     suggesting the exit of the left hepatic duct.  A 0.035 Glidewire was then used
     to gain access to the common hepatic duct through this dimple. The wire was
     unable to pass down the common hepatic duct and therefore the wire was placed
     out the anterior right biliary tree and from this position the outer dilator
     of the Accu-Stick system was advanced over the wire beyond the mass.  The wire
     and outer dilator were pulled back and access was acheived down into the
     duodenum.  The outer dilator was then advanced over the wire into the duodenum
     just beyond the ampulla.  The 0.035 Glidewire was then exchanged for the 0.038
     Accu-Stick wire.  The Accu-Stick outer dilator was then exchanged for a 7-
     French angiographic sheath.  The inner dilator was removed and the Kumpe
     catheter was then advanced over the wire into the duodenum.  Using a 0.035
     guide wire and the Kumpe catheter, the catheter was placed in the distal
     duodenum and the 0.035 Glidewire was then exchanged for a an Amplatz stiff
     wire.
     
     Then a 0.035 Glidewire was advanced through the angiographic sheath in
     parallel to the Amplatz Super Stiff wire.  This was placed within the
     duodenum.  The angiographic sheath was then withdrawn over both wires and then
     re-advanced over the 0.035 Glidewire.  The tip was placed in the distal common
     bile duct.  Pullback cholangiogram was then performed. Again this demonstrated
     a normal appearance of the common bile duct and cystic duct.  However, as the
     catheter was pulled back, contrast opacified areas of the left biliary tree
     which were previously unseen.  This demonstrated a multifocal, rounded
     saccular appearance of the distal left hepatic duct with a regular smooth
     appearance. This suggested a benign obstruction, such as postinflammatory
     cholangitis. Therefore, the left side was not biopsied as no area of
     definitive irregular obstruction could be seen to biopsy.
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     
     At this time, the 0.035 Glidewire and angiographic sheath were then removed.
     The 0.035 wire was then advanced through the 6-French angiographic sheath on
     the right in parallel to the 0.035 Amplatz wire.  The angiographic sheath was
     then removed over both wires with the Glidewire in the duodenum and the
     Amplatz stiff wire in the proximal jejunum.  Then a 7-French angiographic
     sheath was advanced over the 0.035 Glidewire.  This tip was placed in the
     common bile duct and a pullback cholangiogram was performed.  This confirmed
     an irregular narrowed appearance at the confluence of the right hepatic ducts
     and just proximal to the confluence of the right hepatic duct and the left
     hepatic duct.  The catheter was then withdrawn to be within the mid portion of
     this irregularity and the wire was removed. A T-[**Male First Name (un) 10479**] biopsy catheter was then
     advanced through the angiographic sheath and a single pass was obtained
     yielding a good-sized tissue sample. The catheter was then withdrawn to a more
     proximal aspect of the duct and a second pass was obtained, again with a good
     tissue sample.  The catheter was then withdrawn to the most peripheral edge of
     the irregular duct and a third sample was obtained with the T-[**Male First Name (un) 10479**] biopsy
     catheter. Cholangiogram was then performed through the angiographic sheath and
     this demonstrated no extravasation of contrast.  The angiographic sheath was
     then removed and an 8- French biliary drainage catheter was advanced over the
     Amplatz wire and the pigtail formed within the duodenum.  A second 8-French
     biliary drainage catheter was advanced over the left wire and a pigtail was
     formed within the duodenum.  The proximal side holes were within the
     respective biliary trees. Contrast injection confirmed no side holes were in
     the hepatic parenchyma or outside the liver capsule.
     
     CONTRAST/MEDICATIONS:  80 cc of Conray contrast.  MAC anesthesia was provided
     by the Anesthesiology Service.  15 cc of 1% lidocaine was used for local
     anesthetic.
     
     IMPRESSION:
     
     1) Severely obstructed left biliary system, with multifocal benign-appearing
     distal strictures.  Eventually a wire and 8 Fr catheter were able to be
     advanced into the small bowel.  Catheter placed to external drainage.
     
     2) Endoscopically placed biliary stent which extends from the right biliary
     tree to the distal common bile duct.
     
     3) Moderately dilated right-sided biliary tree with an irregular and narrow
     distal duct located at the right-sided biliary confluence just proximal to the
     right and left biliary confluence.  8 Fr internal-external biliary drainage
     catheters were placed to adequately drain the dilated biliary tree, placed to
     external drainage.
     
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-18**] 7:35 AM
     PTC                                                             Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10478**]
     Reason: Placement of drains                                         
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 80
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     4) Core Biopsies from the right distal hepatic duct.
     
     5) Large gall bladder mass, differential includes stone and tumor. 
     
     
     
     
     

",,
14561,3151,,,3108-11-19 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**3108-11-19**] 4:45 PM
     CTA ABD W&W/O C & RECONS; CT PELVIS W&W/O C                     Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10480**]
     200CC NON IONIC CONTRAST SUPPLY
     Reason: R/O mesenteric ischemia                                     
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
     Field of view: 36 Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 175
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      79 year old woman s/p PTC [**11-18**]. Now w diffuse abd pain. Please perform CT w iv 
      CONTRAST TO EVAL MESENTERIC VESSELS. tHANKS. 
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      R/O mesenteric ischemia                                                         
     No contraindications for IV contrast
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     CLINICAL HISTORY: Status post PTC diffuse abdominal pain. Evaluate for
     mesenteric ischemia.
     
     MESENTERIC CTA FINDINGS: There are heavy vascular calcifications along the
     entire abdominal aorta especially near the origin of the SMA and renal
     arteries. There is no evidence for aortic aneurysm. The branches of the aorta
     including the celiac, SMA and [**Female First Name (un) **] enhance homogeneously without evidence for
     thrombus. There are two right renal arteries. 
     
     CT OF THE ABDOMEN WITHOUT AND WITH IV CONTRAST: There are bilateral pleural
     effusions with adjacent dependent atelectasis, right greater than left. There
     are two percutaneous biliary catheters which enter from the right and left
     lobes of the liver traversing into the common bile duct and terminating in the
     duodenum. In addition there is also a common bile duct stent which originates
     near the porta hepatis and terminates in the duodenum. There remains moderate-
     to-severe intrahepatic biliary ductal dilatation, especially involving the
     left lobe. The common bile duct is normal in caliber. No focal hepatic lesion
     is identified. Within the prior images, a mass is not seen within the porta
     hepatis. However delayed images were not obtained. The gallbladder contains
     ___ a single large gallstone and contrast material from vicarious excretion.
     There is peripancreatic fluid. There is a focus of gas within the gallbladder,
     probably related to recent interventional procedure. The pancreatic duct is
     normal in caliber. Pancreas enhances homogeneously without focal hepatic mass.
     Spleen is normal in size.
     
     The medial limb of the left adrenal gland is enlarged without a definite well-
     defined mass. The right adrenal gland is normal in appearance.
     
     Visualized small and large bowel is normal in caliber without definite
     evidence for wall thickening or pneumatosis. 
     
     There are nonpathologically enlarged celiac lymph nodes which measure up to
     7 mm. There is a low attenuation lesion in the neck of the pancreas measuring
     11 mm and may represent a pseudocyst. 
     
     CT OF PELVIS WITHOUT AND WITH IV CONTRAST: There is no pelvic lymphanopathy.
     There is a small amount of pelvic free fluid. The bladder contains a balloon
     Foley catheter and gas. The uterus and rectum are unremarkble.
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-19**] 4:45 PM
     CTA ABD W&W/O C & RECONS; CT PELVIS W&W/O C                     Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10480**]
     200CC NON IONIC CONTRAST SUPPLY
     Reason: R/O mesenteric ischemia                                     
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
     Field of view: 36 Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 175
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     
     IMPRESSION:
     1. Intrahepatic biliary ductal dilatation, especially in the left lobe despite
     the presence of bilateral percutaneous biliary catheters and a CBD stent.
     2. Pericholecystic fluid of uncertain etiology.
     3. Enlarged left adrenal gland, may be sequela of hyperplasia. However an
     adenoma cannot be excluded.

",,
14561,3151,,,3108-11-19 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**3108-11-19**] 5:47 PM
     CATH CHEK/REMV                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10481**]
     Reason: S/P PTC [**11-18**].                                              
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 100
     ********************************* CPT Codes ********************************
     * 47505 CHALNAGIOGRAPHY VIA EXISTING C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * 47505 CHALNAGIOGRAPHY VIA EXISTING C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      74305 TUBE CHOLANGIOGRAM            *
     * 74305 TUBE CHOLANGIOGRAM             -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE     *
     ****************************************************************************
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      79 year old woman with s/p PTC [**11-18**], now w diddusee abd pain and septic 
      physiology.
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      S/P PTC [**11-18**].                                                                  
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     INDICATION: Sepsis, status post bilateral percutaneous biliary drainage
     catheter placement.
     
     PHYSICIANS: The procedure was performed by Drs. [**Last Name (STitle) 1022**] and [**Name5 (PTitle) 263**] [**Name5 (PTitle) **]'Othee, with
     Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 263**] [**Name (STitle) 264**] (the attending radiologist) being present and supervising.
     
     PROCEDURE AND FINDINGS: The patient was placed supine on the angiography
     table. Initially the percutaneous catheter draining the right biliary system
     was accessed and approximately 50 cc of Conray was injected and a tube
     cholangiogram was performed, demonstrating a decompressed system. The contrast
     flows preferentially from the right system into the gallbladder but eventually
     empties into the duodenum.
     
     The left catheter was then slowly injected and approximately 25 cc of Conray
     was given. A tube cholagiogram was performed. There was prompt drainage into
     the duodenum through the left system, but no opacification of the left
     intrahepatic ducts.
     
     The left catheter was then withdrawn by approximately 1 to 2 cm and reafixed
     to the skin surface. After repositioning, an additional 25 cc was injected
     demonstrating opacification of a persistently dilated left biliary tree.
     
     The patient tolerated the study well, without immediate complications.
     
     IMPRESSION:
     1.  Persistently dilated left biliary system. The catheter was repositioned
     slightly more peripherally for improved drainage of this region.
     2.  Decompressed right biliary tree.
     3.  No evidence of contrast leakage from the biliary system.
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-19**] 5:47 PM
     CATH CHEK/REMV                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10481**]
     Reason: S/P PTC [**11-18**].                                              
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 100
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)

",,
14561,3151,,,3108-11-19 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**3108-11-19**] 5:47 PM
     CATH CHEK/REMV                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10481**]
     Reason: S/P PTC [**11-18**].                                              
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 100
     ********************************* CPT Codes ********************************
     * 47505 CHALNAGIOGRAPHY VIA EXISTING C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * 47505 CHALNAGIOGRAPHY VIA EXISTING C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      74305 TUBE CHOLANGIOGRAM            *
     * 74305 TUBE CHOLANGIOGRAM             -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE     *
     ****************************************************************************
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      79 year old woman with s/p PTC [**11-18**], now w diddusee abd pain and septic 
      physiology.
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      S/P PTC [**11-18**].                                                                  
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     INDICATION: Sepsis, status post bilateral percutaneous biliary drainage
     catheter placement.
     
     PHYSICIANS: The procedure was performed by Drs. [**Last Name (STitle) 1022**] and [**Name5 (PTitle) 263**] [**Name5 (PTitle) **]'Othee, with
     Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 263**] [**Name (STitle) 264**] (the attending radiologist) being present and supervising.
     
     PROCEDURE AND FINDINGS: The patient was placed supine on the angiography
     table. Initially the percutaneous catheter draining the right biliary system
     was accessed and approximately 50 cc of Conray was injected and a tube
     cholangiogram was performed, demonstrating a decompressed system. The contrast
     flows preferentially from the right system into the gallbladder but eventually
     empties into the duodenum.
     
     The left catheter was then slowly injected and approximately 25 cc of Conray
     was given. A tube cholagiogram was performed. There was prompt drainage into
     the duodenum through the left system, but no opacification of the left
     intrahepatic ducts.
     
     The left catheter was then withdrawn by approximately 1 to 2 cm and reafixed
     to the skin surface. After repositioning, an additional 25 cc was injected
     demonstrating opacification of a persistently dilated left biliary tree.
     
     The patient tolerated the study well, without immediate complications.
     
     IMPRESSION:
     1.  Persistently dilated left biliary system. The catheter was repositioned
     slightly more peripherally for improved drainage of this region.
     2.  Decompressed right biliary tree.
     3.  No evidence of contrast leakage from the biliary system.
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-19**] 5:47 PM
     CATH CHEK/REMV                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10481**]
     Reason: S/P PTC [**11-18**].                                              
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 100
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)

",,
14561,3151,,,3108-11-19 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**3108-11-19**] 5:47 PM
     CATH CHEK/REMV                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10481**]
     Reason: S/P PTC [**11-18**].                                              
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 100
     ********************************* CPT Codes ********************************
     * 47505 CHALNAGIOGRAPHY VIA EXISTING C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * 47505 CHALNAGIOGRAPHY VIA EXISTING C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      74305 TUBE CHOLANGIOGRAM            *
     * 74305 TUBE CHOLANGIOGRAM             -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE     *
     ****************************************************************************
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      79 year old woman with s/p PTC [**11-18**], now w diddusee abd pain and septic 
      physiology.
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      S/P PTC [**11-18**].                                                                  
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     INDICATION: Sepsis, status post bilateral percutaneous biliary drainage
     catheter placement.
     
     PHYSICIANS: The procedure was performed by Drs. [**Last Name (STitle) 1022**] and [**Name5 (PTitle) 263**] [**Name5 (PTitle) **]'Othee, with
     Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 263**] [**Name (STitle) 264**] (the attending radiologist) being present and supervising.
     
     PROCEDURE AND FINDINGS: The patient was placed supine on the angiography
     table. Initially the percutaneous catheter draining the right biliary system
     was accessed and approximately 50 cc of Conray was injected and a tube
     cholangiogram was performed, demonstrating a decompressed system. The contrast
     flows preferentially from the right system into the gallbladder but eventually
     empties into the duodenum.
     
     The left catheter was then slowly injected and approximately 25 cc of Conray
     was given. A tube cholagiogram was performed. There was prompt drainage into
     the duodenum through the left system, but no opacification of the left
     intrahepatic ducts.
     
     The left catheter was then withdrawn by approximately 1 to 2 cm and reafixed
     to the skin surface. After repositioning, an additional 25 cc was injected
     demonstrating opacification of a persistently dilated left biliary tree.
     
     The patient tolerated the study well, without immediate complications.
     
     IMPRESSION:
     1.  Persistently dilated left biliary system. The catheter was repositioned
     slightly more peripherally for improved drainage of this region.
     2.  Decompressed right biliary tree.
     3.  No evidence of contrast leakage from the biliary system.
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-19**] 5:47 PM
     CATH CHEK/REMV                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10481**]
     Reason: S/P PTC [**11-18**].                                              
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 100
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)

",,
14561,3151,,,3108-11-19 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**3108-11-19**] 5:47 PM
     CATH CHEK/REMV                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10481**]
     Reason: S/P PTC [**11-18**].                                              
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 100
     ********************************* CPT Codes ********************************
     * 47505 CHALNAGIOGRAPHY VIA EXISTING C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * 47505 CHALNAGIOGRAPHY VIA EXISTING C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      74305 TUBE CHOLANGIOGRAM            *
     * 74305 TUBE CHOLANGIOGRAM             -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE     *
     ****************************************************************************
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      79 year old woman with s/p PTC [**11-18**], now w diddusee abd pain and septic 
      physiology.
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      S/P PTC [**11-18**].                                                                  
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     INDICATION: Sepsis, status post bilateral percutaneous biliary drainage
     catheter placement.
     
     PHYSICIANS: The procedure was performed by Drs. [**Last Name (STitle) 1022**] and [**Name5 (PTitle) 263**] [**Name5 (PTitle) **]'Othee, with
     Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 263**] [**Name (STitle) 264**] (the attending radiologist) being present and supervising.
     
     PROCEDURE AND FINDINGS: The patient was placed supine on the angiography
     table. Initially the percutaneous catheter draining the right biliary system
     was accessed and approximately 50 cc of Conray was injected and a tube
     cholangiogram was performed, demonstrating a decompressed system. The contrast
     flows preferentially from the right system into the gallbladder but eventually
     empties into the duodenum.
     
     The left catheter was then slowly injected and approximately 25 cc of Conray
     was given. A tube cholagiogram was performed. There was prompt drainage into
     the duodenum through the left system, but no opacification of the left
     intrahepatic ducts.
     
     The left catheter was then withdrawn by approximately 1 to 2 cm and reafixed
     to the skin surface. After repositioning, an additional 25 cc was injected
     demonstrating opacification of a persistently dilated left biliary tree.
     
     The patient tolerated the study well, without immediate complications.
     
     IMPRESSION:
     1.  Persistently dilated left biliary system. The catheter was repositioned
     slightly more peripherally for improved drainage of this region.
     2.  Decompressed right biliary tree.
     3.  No evidence of contrast leakage from the biliary system.
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-19**] 5:47 PM
     CATH CHEK/REMV                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10481**]
     Reason: S/P PTC [**11-18**].                                              
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 100
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)

",,
14561,3151,,,3108-11-19 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**3108-11-19**] 5:47 PM
     CATH CHEK/REMV                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10481**]
     Reason: S/P PTC [**11-18**].                                              
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 100
     ********************************* CPT Codes ********************************
     * 47505 CHALNAGIOGRAPHY VIA EXISTING C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * 47505 CHALNAGIOGRAPHY VIA EXISTING C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      74305 TUBE CHOLANGIOGRAM            *
     * 74305 TUBE CHOLANGIOGRAM             -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE     *
     ****************************************************************************
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      79 year old woman with s/p PTC [**11-18**], now w diddusee abd pain and septic 
      physiology.
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      S/P PTC [**11-18**].                                                                  
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     INDICATION: Sepsis, status post bilateral percutaneous biliary drainage
     catheter placement.
     
     PHYSICIANS: The procedure was performed by Drs. [**Last Name (STitle) 1022**] and [**Name5 (PTitle) 263**] [**Name5 (PTitle) **]'Othee, with
     Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 263**] [**Name (STitle) 264**] (the attending radiologist) being present and supervising.
     
     PROCEDURE AND FINDINGS: The patient was placed supine on the angiography
     table. Initially the percutaneous catheter draining the right biliary system
     was accessed and approximately 50 cc of Conray was injected and a tube
     cholangiogram was performed, demonstrating a decompressed system. The contrast
     flows preferentially from the right system into the gallbladder but eventually
     empties into the duodenum.
     
     The left catheter was then slowly injected and approximately 25 cc of Conray
     was given. A tube cholagiogram was performed. There was prompt drainage into
     the duodenum through the left system, but no opacification of the left
     intrahepatic ducts.
     
     The left catheter was then withdrawn by approximately 1 to 2 cm and reafixed
     to the skin surface. After repositioning, an additional 25 cc was injected
     demonstrating opacification of a persistently dilated left biliary tree.
     
     The patient tolerated the study well, without immediate complications.
     
     IMPRESSION:
     1.  Persistently dilated left biliary system. The catheter was repositioned
     slightly more peripherally for improved drainage of this region.
     2.  Decompressed right biliary tree.
     3.  No evidence of contrast leakage from the biliary system.
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-19**] 5:47 PM
     CATH CHEK/REMV                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10481**]
     Reason: S/P PTC [**11-18**].                                              
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 100
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)

",,
14561,3151,,,3108-11-19 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**3108-11-19**] 5:47 PM
     CATH CHEK/REMV                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10481**]
     Reason: S/P PTC [**11-18**].                                              
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 100
     ********************************* CPT Codes ********************************
     * 47505 CHALNAGIOGRAPHY VIA EXISTING C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * 47505 CHALNAGIOGRAPHY VIA EXISTING C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      74305 TUBE CHOLANGIOGRAM            *
     * 74305 TUBE CHOLANGIOGRAM             -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE     *
     ****************************************************************************
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      79 year old woman with s/p PTC [**11-18**], now w diddusee abd pain and septic 
      physiology.
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      S/P PTC [**11-18**].                                                                  
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     INDICATION: Sepsis, status post bilateral percutaneous biliary drainage
     catheter placement.
     
     PHYSICIANS: The procedure was performed by Drs. [**Last Name (STitle) 1022**] and [**Name5 (PTitle) 263**] [**Name5 (PTitle) **]'Othee, with
     Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 263**] [**Name (STitle) 264**] (the attending radiologist) being present and supervising.
     
     PROCEDURE AND FINDINGS: The patient was placed supine on the angiography
     table. Initially the percutaneous catheter draining the right biliary system
     was accessed and approximately 50 cc of Conray was injected and a tube
     cholangiogram was performed, demonstrating a decompressed system. The contrast
     flows preferentially from the right system into the gallbladder but eventually
     empties into the duodenum.
     
     The left catheter was then slowly injected and approximately 25 cc of Conray
     was given. A tube cholagiogram was performed. There was prompt drainage into
     the duodenum through the left system, but no opacification of the left
     intrahepatic ducts.
     
     The left catheter was then withdrawn by approximately 1 to 2 cm and reafixed
     to the skin surface. After repositioning, an additional 25 cc was injected
     demonstrating opacification of a persistently dilated left biliary tree.
     
     The patient tolerated the study well, without immediate complications.
     
     IMPRESSION:
     1.  Persistently dilated left biliary system. The catheter was repositioned
     slightly more peripherally for improved drainage of this region.
     2.  Decompressed right biliary tree.
     3.  No evidence of contrast leakage from the biliary system.
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-19**] 5:47 PM
     CATH CHEK/REMV                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10481**]
     Reason: S/P PTC [**11-18**].                                              
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 100
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)

",,
14561,3151,,,3108-11-19 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**3108-11-19**] 4:45 PM
     CTA ABD W&W/O C & RECONS; CT PELVIS W&W/O C                     Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10480**]
     200CC NON IONIC CONTRAST SUPPLY
     Reason: R/O mesenteric ischemia                                     
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
     Field of view: 36 Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 175
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      79 year old woman s/p PTC [**11-18**]. Now w diffuse abd pain. Please perform CT w iv 
      CONTRAST TO EVAL MESENTERIC VESSELS. tHANKS. 
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      R/O mesenteric ischemia                                                         
     No contraindications for IV contrast
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     CLINICAL HISTORY: Status post PTC diffuse abdominal pain. Evaluate for
     mesenteric ischemia.
     
     MESENTERIC CTA FINDINGS: There are heavy vascular calcifications along the
     entire abdominal aorta especially near the origin of the SMA and renal
     arteries. There is no evidence for aortic aneurysm. The branches of the aorta
     including the celiac, SMA and [**Female First Name (un) **] enhance homogeneously without evidence for
     thrombus. There are two right renal arteries. 
     
     CT OF THE ABDOMEN WITHOUT AND WITH IV CONTRAST: There are bilateral pleural
     effusions with adjacent dependent atelectasis, right greater than left. There
     are two percutaneous biliary catheters which enter from the right and left
     lobes of the liver traversing into the common bile duct and terminating in the
     duodenum. In addition there is also a common bile duct stent which originates
     near the porta hepatis and terminates in the duodenum. There remains moderate-
     to-severe intrahepatic biliary ductal dilatation, especially involving the
     left lobe. The common bile duct is normal in caliber. No focal hepatic lesion
     is identified. Within the prior images, a mass is not seen within the porta
     hepatis. However delayed images were not obtained. The gallbladder contains
     ___ a single large gallstone and contrast material from vicarious excretion.
     There is peripancreatic fluid. There is a focus of gas within the gallbladder,
     probably related to recent interventional procedure. The pancreatic duct is
     normal in caliber. Pancreas enhances homogeneously without focal hepatic mass.
     Spleen is normal in size.
     
     The medial limb of the left adrenal gland is enlarged without a definite well-
     defined mass. The right adrenal gland is normal in appearance.
     
     Visualized small and large bowel is normal in caliber without definite
     evidence for wall thickening or pneumatosis. 
     
     There are nonpathologically enlarged celiac lymph nodes which measure up to
     7 mm. There is a low attenuation lesion in the neck of the pancreas measuring
     11 mm and may represent a pseudocyst. 
     
     CT OF PELVIS WITHOUT AND WITH IV CONTRAST: There is no pelvic lymphanopathy.
     There is a small amount of pelvic free fluid. The bladder contains a balloon
     Foley catheter and gas. The uterus and rectum are unremarkble.
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-19**] 4:45 PM
     CTA ABD W&W/O C & RECONS; CT PELVIS W&W/O C                     Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10480**]
     200CC NON IONIC CONTRAST SUPPLY
     Reason: R/O mesenteric ischemia                                     
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
     Field of view: 36 Contrast: OPTIRAY Amt: 175
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     
     IMPRESSION:
     1. Intrahepatic biliary ductal dilatation, especially in the left lobe despite
     the presence of bilateral percutaneous biliary catheters and a CBD stent.
     2. Pericholecystic fluid of uncertain etiology.
     3. Enlarged left adrenal gland, may be sequela of hyperplasia. However an
     adenoma cannot be excluded.

",,
14561,3151,18095,0,3108-11-19 18:02:00 EST,3108-11-19 18:32:00 EST,2651,"N",69,"Nursing/Other","Nursing Admission note","
Nursing Admission note
Pt admitted to MICU A from PACU, where pt had an ERCP resulting in biliary stent placement for blocked common bile duct. ? CA mass causing biliary obstruction. Pt initially admitted to outside hospital after several days of weakness/ fatigue. After procedure, pt became hypotensive, placed on neosynephrine, and febrile with a rise in WBC from 7.7 to 21. ?sepsis. PA line placed d/t pt's hypotension and extensive cardiac hx. SWAN readings noted below. several biopsies taken from mass, pending. BC X 2 both grew gram - rods. afebrile. Later this afternoon, pt began experiencing sudden abd pain, taken to CTA and IR to recheck stent. biliary drains X2 patent. 

ROS-

CV- NSR without ectopy. on Neo 0.5 mcg/kg/min with ABP's 93-117/47-39. unable to wean off neo, goal MAP's 60-65. does have labile BP, difficult to titrate at X's. PAP 36-59/16-29, CO= 5.73, CI= 3.29, SVR= 782 (down from 1024 earlier in shift), PVR= 140. wedges without difficulty. extremities warm and pulses palpable. hct stable at 30.0. repleated with 40meq of K, 2gm Mag and 2 amps bicard. elevated bilirubin and LFT's. 

RESP- insp and exp wheezes, crackles in bases. ?fluid overload? pt denies using nebs/ o2 at home. pt arrived on 40% OFM, currently on 4liter NC with sats 92-96%. nebs q4hrs prn. last abg at 1600 7.33/30/74/17/-8. hx of smoking, ?retainer. no cough. 

NEURO- A&O. MAE, no neuro defecits. pt c/o pain in RUQ and generalized abd pain at X's. responds well to 2mg IV MSO4.   

GI/GU- pt has been NPO, to be started on house diet. active BS's, c/o diarrhea this am. foley draining very poor amounts of 10-20cc of cloudy brown urine/ hr, team aware. given 40mg lasix, with approx 300 cc out afterward. 

SKIN- later and anterior biliary drain site with occlusive dressings. draining bilious-colored fluid. notable generalized and scleral jaundice.  

ID- wbc trending downward, currently at 10.3. pt on zosyn and vanco. afebrile. pt had developed fever and hypotsn after PTC placement. 

ACCESS- swan in L IJ, R Aline, sharp. Piv X2.  

PLAN- closely monitor I&O's, watch for fluid overload. may need more lasix. pain control. titrate neosynephrine to keep MAP 60-65. f/u on CTA and IR results. 
",,
14561,3151,18095,0,3108-11-20 06:33:00 EST,3108-11-20 06:50:00 EST,1566,"N",69,"Nursing/Other","MICU Nursing Progress note","
MICU Nursing Progress note
  Cardiac: HR 70-80's NSR no VEA, BP intially on 0.03 mcg/kg/min was 110-120/70's Pt's swan readings showed PA36/16 PCW16 and CVP 8 lasix was given on previous shift and continued to diuresis with total output -1300cc able to wean neo to off then with deep [**Doctor Last Name 8**] Pt's BP dropped to 86-88/40's with filling pressures of PA 26/12 PCW 10 SVR of 1080 down to 986. CO has been stable at 4.78-4.38  Pt had one episode of hypotension down to 86/ treated with neo for short periods as team wanted to keep her on the dry side.  am K 2.7 being treated with 60mEq of KCL 
  Respiratory: on 2liters nasal cannula  Bs are remarkably clear this morning. RR 22-28(with pain)
  GI: abd tender to palipations. two drains patent, flushing with 5cc q6hr. draining bilious fluid, output noted on carevue(total of two drains 220cc) Diarrhea x 2 of mucous brown stool. 
  GU: foley in place and draining well. 
  Neuro: pt is A&O x 3 did wake once tonight not aware of surroundings, thought she was in her daughter's home. easily reoriented. follows commands. moving all extermites. 
  Plan: follow I&O's, ?D/C swan today. provide pain meds. 
",,
14561,3151,18095,0,3108-11-20 14:21:00 EST,3108-11-20 14:44:00 EST,2651,"N",69,"Nursing/Other","Nursing progress note 0700-1900.","
Nursing progress note 0700-1900.
pt's day 2 in micu after being transfered from PACU post- biliary stent placement, became hypotensive and ?septic. neo titrated off this am. hemodynamically stable. afebrile. ABP 90-120/40-60. PA line in, readings below.

ROS- 

CV-NSR without ectopy. PAP 32-46/12-25, CVP 6-14, CO 5.95, SVR 7.39, PVR 121. wedges without difficulty. extremities warm and pulses palpable. hct stable at 28.9. am K 2.7, repleated with 8omeq IV K, resulting in K of 4.5 at 1300. plan to dc swam tomarrow if pt remains hemodynamicallt stable and off of pressors. No fluid balance issues this shift, goal to keep pt even to slightly neg. 

RESP- O2 titrated to 2liter NC. no cough. shallow breathing d/t abd pain. prolonged exp wheezes with occ crackles in bases. given incentive spirometer, pt demonstrates good understanding of useage. 

NEURO- no neuro defecits. does occ become forgetful. weakly MAE. A&O. becomes tearful at X's. Pt oob to chair with assist X2 without difficulty. MSO4 prn for pain.

GI/GU- active BS's. pt c/o diffuse ""dull"" abd pain, guarding. mucous diarrhea X3, wearing a depends. tolerating general diet without n/v. foley draining approx 20-80cc/hr brown cloudy urine. biliary drains X2 patent and draining bilious fluid. to be flushed q6hrs with 5cc NS.

SKIN- barrier cream applied to peri-area. notable generalized and scleral jaundice. skin otherwise intact.

ID- pt on Vacno and Zosyn IV, wbc trending downward to 7.6 this am. afebrile. BC X2 growing gram - rods. biopsies of biliary tumor pending, ?CA. 

SOCIAL- husband and granddaughter here. updated on pt's condition. 

PLAN- monitor CV/resp status, ?sepsis. ?DC PA line tomarrow (needs to be changed to CL, not cordis if pt to be called out soon). ?c/o to floor tomarrow. frequent reassurance. According to team, pt may go to surgery next week for R liver lobectomy, cholescystectomy, bile duct reconstruction and possibly further intervention.  

",,
14561,3151,18095,0,3108-11-21 05:13:00 EST,3108-11-21 05:51:00 EST,2434,"N",69,"Nursing/Other","Nursing Note-","
Nursing Note-
Pt s/p ERCP, stent placed to CBD. 

CV- Pa line still in, good waveform, pressures within normal range; pa sys 28 - 36, PAD 11-16, pcwp 9-10 with cvp 6-9. UOP marginal 30 - 40cc/o , bp 89/38 - 118/44, denies cp or sob, r radial a-line in with good waveform. Continue on NS with 40meq kcl at 30cc/o.

N- Alert and oriented x3, very interactive, medicated with mso4 2mg iv x1 for pain with good effect. MAE, good pulses, needs assistant with turning. Afebrile.

Resp- Bil ls clear to auscultation, sats high 90s on O2 2l np, rr 15 - 18.

ID- Afebrile, continue on zosyn an dvanco for +blood cx.

GI- +bs, abd soft distended, loose brown stool x1. Tol pos okay, appetite decrease. LFTS still elevated. Abd drains still in, drained bile 150cc from the lateral and 250cc from the medial over a 12hr period.

GU- foley to cd draining 30 - 40cc/o brown with sed.

Social- Daughter visited last eve, no other calls overnight.

Plan- ?dc swann today, numbers stable, await result of biopsy, continue current regimen. Pt to h
",,
14561,3151,18095,0,3108-11-21 16:51:00 EST,3108-11-21 16:57:00 EST,1741,"N",69,"Nursing/Other","MICU A NSG 7A-7P","
MICU A NSG 7A-7P
RESP--REMAINS ON 2L NC LUNGS CTA BILAT
CV--SWAN CATH D/C'D AND REPLACED WITH TLCL, CXR DONE AND PLACEMENT CONFIRMED.  BP STABLE 100-120/, HR 80'S SR. ALINE D/C'D. 
GI--BILIARY DRAINS INTACT AND CONT DRAINING LIGHT BILIOUS/GREENISH DRG, DRAINS FLUSHED Q6 AS ORDERED.  ABD LSIGHTLY DISTENDED WITH GOOD BS AND TENDER AROUND DRAIN SITES.  PT REF PAIN MEDS WHEN OFFERED.  TOL PO'S, BUT APPETITE POOR.  EPISODE LOOSE STOOLS X1, GREEN MUCOID STOOL.
GU--FOLEY CATH IN PLACE DRAINING ICTERIC URINE, RECEIVED LASIX 20MG IV X1 WITH GOOD EFFECT.
NEURO--PT JAUNDICED WITH ICTERIC SCLERA, A&OX3, SLEEPING IN NAPS.  OOB TO CHAIR.  
SOCIAL--WIFE AND DAUGHTER IN TO VISIT.  PT AND FAMILY REQUESTING THAT ONLY FAMILY BE ALLOWED TO VISIT WITH PT. 
",,
14561,3151,18095,0,3108-11-22 07:32:00 EST,3108-11-22 07:50:00 EST,2493,"N",69,"Nursing/Other",,"

Nursing Progress Notes: 1900-0700

NEURO: When not [**Doctor Last Name 8**] pt is AAOx3. Pleasant, co-operative, MAE, PEARL, speech clear & coherent.
 
INTEG: No skin breakdowns. Warm, dry & intact. Jaundice with icteric sclera.

PAIN: Pt very stoic. Denies pain when asked but when turning pt note her grimacing. Gave 1 percocet & pt became hypotensive. 

CV: Hypotensive NIBP:75-100/34-46  HR: 60'-70's. TLC in LT SC.

PUL:LS in upper airway clear with crackles in bases. Sating >96% on RA 

GI: Abd soft with hypoactive Tolerating fluids well. Biliary drains intact and cont to drain light bilious/greenish fluid (180cc lateral drain & 75cc medial drain).  Flushed 5cc Q6hr. No BM

GU: Foley patent & draining 20-240cc icteric urine
 
Lab: K-2.6 had 40mEq KCL PO & 20mEq KCL IV

",,
14561,3151,18095,0,3108-11-22 17:45:00 EST,3108-11-22 17:50:00 EST,1741,"N",69,"Nursing/Other","MICU A NSG 7A-7P","
MICU A NSG 7A-7P
RESP--REMAINS ON 2L NC, LUNGS CTA BILAT.
CV--BP STABLE 90-100'S/ HR 70-80'S SR NO ECTOPY NOTED. REPEAT K 3.3, RECEIVED 40MEQ IV AND WILL HAVE ANOTHER K CHECKED AT 6PM.
GI--TOL PO WITH POOR APPETITE. BILIARY DRAINS CONTS TO DRAIN LIGHT GREEN BILIOUS DRG. ABD REMAINS TENDER AROUND RUQ, REF PAIN MED THIS SHIFT.
NEURO--A&OX3.  SLEEPING IN NAPS THROUGHOUT DAY.  
GU--FOLEY CATH DRAINING BROWN ICTERIC URINE, 20-30CC/HR, TEAM AWARE AND WANT TO CONT TO FOLLOW. 
SOCIAL--PT CALLED OUT TO [**Wardname 3084**] AND AWAITING BED.  FAMILY IN TO VISIT, ANXIOUS FOR PATH REPORT TO BE BACK AND TO SPEAK WITH DR [**Last Name (STitle) **] ABOUT RESULTS.
",,
14561,3151,,,3108-11-25 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**3108-11-25**] 7:32 AM
     CATH CHEK/REMV                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10482**]
     Reason: eval extent of stricture, may need to pull back tubes for be
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 60
     ********************************* CPT Codes ********************************
     * 47525 CHANGE PERC BILIARY DRAINAGE C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * 47525 CHANGE PERC BILIARY DRAINAGE C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      47505 CHALNAGIOGRAPHY VIA EXISTING C*
     * 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER -51 MULTI-PROCEDURE SAME DAY        *
     * 47505 CHALNAGIOGRAPHY VIA EXISTING C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      75984 CHANGE PERC TUBE OR CATH W/CON*
     * 75984 CHANGE PERC TUBE OR CATH W/CON -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE     *
     * 74305 TUBE CHOLANGIOGRAM             74305 TUBE CHOLANGIOGRAM            *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      CATHETER, DRAINAGE                  *
     * CATHETER, DRAINAGE                   C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF           *
     * C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER  C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER *
     ****************************************************************************
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      79 year old woman with malig biliary obstruct                                   
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      eval extent of stricture, may need to pull back tubes for best view             
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     
     
     PROCEDURE: Bilateral cholangiograms.
     
     RADIOLOGISTS: Drs. [**Last Name (STitle) 23**] and [**Name5 (PTitle) 510**] with Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 23**] the attending physician
     being present and supervising the entire procedure.
     
     INDICATIONS: 79-year-old woman with biliary obstruction due to adenocarcinoma
     status post bilateral biliary tubes place percutaneously. Request for
     cholangiogram for evaluation of extent of involvement of the biliary system.
     
     PROCEDURE AND FINDINGS: Ms. [**Known patient lastname 10483**] was taken to the angiography suite on
     [**3108-11-25**] where her abdomen was prepped and draped in standard sterile fashion.
     The left biliary tube was cut and [**Initials (NamePattern4) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) 528**] wire was advanced through the tube
     into the duodenum. The biliary tube was withdrawn and a 6 Fr bright-tip sheath
     was advanced over the wire into the left hepatic duct. Cholangiogram performed
     through the sheath demonstrated extensive involvement of the left hepatic duct
     from the confluence of the right and left hepatic ducts up to more than 2 cm
     into the left hepatic duct. There is filling only of one left hepatic duct
     branch. The sheath was then removed and a new 8 Fr biliary tube was advanced
     over the wire. The pigtail was formed in the duodenum and the [**Last Name (un) 528**] wire was
     removed. The left biliary tube was then secured after being pulled back into
     appropriate position with the sideholes in the left biliary system. Next the
     right biliary tube was cut and the [**Last Name (un) 528**] wire was advanced through the tube
     into the duodenum. The right tube was then withdrawn and a 6 Fr bright-tip
     sheath was advanced over the wire. Cholangiogram performed through the right
     hepatic sheath demonstrated extensive involvement of the right hepatic duct
     from the bifurcation up through the branch point of the right medial segment
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-25**] 7:32 AM
     CATH CHEK/REMV                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10482**]
     Reason: eval extent of stricture, may need to pull back tubes for be
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 60
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     duct. There is poor filling of this duct with significant dilatation
     suggestive of near obstruction. Two other branches of the right hepatic duct
     are noted to fill normally. The bright-tip sheath was then withdrawn and a new
     8 Fr biliary tube was advanced over the wire. The pigtail was formed in the
     duodenum and locked. The tube was then pulled back into appropriate position
     with sideholes in the right hepatic system. Both biliary drains were attached
     to bag drainage and secured with StatLocks. The patient tolerated the
     procedure well and there were no immediate postprocedure complications.
     
     IMPRESSION: Bilateral tube cholangiograms demonstrating extensive disease
     involvement of the right and left hepatic ducts from the confluence up through
     greater than 2 cm of each hepatic duct. The left hepatic duct demonstrates
     filling of only one duct branch. The medial segment of the right hepatic duct
     is dilated and poorly filling suggestive of near obstruction. Two other right
     hepatic duct segments noted to fill normally.
     
     
     
     
     
     

",,
14561,3151,,,3108-11-25 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**3108-11-25**] 7:32 AM
     CATH CHEK/REMV                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10482**]
     Reason: eval extent of stricture, may need to pull back tubes for be
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 60
     ********************************* CPT Codes ********************************
     * 47525 CHANGE PERC BILIARY DRAINAGE C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * 47525 CHANGE PERC BILIARY DRAINAGE C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      47505 CHALNAGIOGRAPHY VIA EXISTING C*
     * 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER -51 MULTI-PROCEDURE SAME DAY        *
     * 47505 CHALNAGIOGRAPHY VIA EXISTING C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      75984 CHANGE PERC TUBE OR CATH W/CON*
     * 75984 CHANGE PERC TUBE OR CATH W/CON -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE     *
     * 74305 TUBE CHOLANGIOGRAM             74305 TUBE CHOLANGIOGRAM            *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      CATHETER, DRAINAGE                  *
     * CATHETER, DRAINAGE                   C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF           *
     * C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER  C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER *
     ****************************************************************************
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      79 year old woman with malig biliary obstruct                                   
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      eval extent of stricture, may need to pull back tubes for best view             
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     
     
     PROCEDURE: Bilateral cholangiograms.
     
     RADIOLOGISTS: Drs. [**Last Name (STitle) 23**] and [**Name5 (PTitle) 510**] with Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 23**] the attending physician
     being present and supervising the entire procedure.
     
     INDICATIONS: 79-year-old woman with biliary obstruction due to adenocarcinoma
     status post bilateral biliary tubes place percutaneously. Request for
     cholangiogram for evaluation of extent of involvement of the biliary system.
     
     PROCEDURE AND FINDINGS: Ms. [**Known patient lastname 10483**] was taken to the angiography suite on
     [**3108-11-25**] where her abdomen was prepped and draped in standard sterile fashion.
     The left biliary tube was cut and [**Initials (NamePattern4) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) 528**] wire was advanced through the tube
     into the duodenum. The biliary tube was withdrawn and a 6 Fr bright-tip sheath
     was advanced over the wire into the left hepatic duct. Cholangiogram performed
     through the sheath demonstrated extensive involvement of the left hepatic duct
     from the confluence of the right and left hepatic ducts up to more than 2 cm
     into the left hepatic duct. There is filling only of one left hepatic duct
     branch. The sheath was then removed and a new 8 Fr biliary tube was advanced
     over the wire. The pigtail was formed in the duodenum and the [**Last Name (un) 528**] wire was
     removed. The left biliary tube was then secured after being pulled back into
     appropriate position with the sideholes in the left biliary system. Next the
     right biliary tube was cut and the [**Last Name (un) 528**] wire was advanced through the tube
     into the duodenum. The right tube was then withdrawn and a 6 Fr bright-tip
     sheath was advanced over the wire. Cholangiogram performed through the right
     hepatic sheath demonstrated extensive involvement of the right hepatic duct
     from the bifurcation up through the branch point of the right medial segment
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-25**] 7:32 AM
     CATH CHEK/REMV                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10482**]
     Reason: eval extent of stricture, may need to pull back tubes for be
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 60
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     duct. There is poor filling of this duct with significant dilatation
     suggestive of near obstruction. Two other branches of the right hepatic duct
     are noted to fill normally. The bright-tip sheath was then withdrawn and a new
     8 Fr biliary tube was advanced over the wire. The pigtail was formed in the
     duodenum and locked. The tube was then pulled back into appropriate position
     with sideholes in the right hepatic system. Both biliary drains were attached
     to bag drainage and secured with StatLocks. The patient tolerated the
     procedure well and there were no immediate postprocedure complications.
     
     IMPRESSION: Bilateral tube cholangiograms demonstrating extensive disease
     involvement of the right and left hepatic ducts from the confluence up through
     greater than 2 cm of each hepatic duct. The left hepatic duct demonstrates
     filling of only one duct branch. The medial segment of the right hepatic duct
     is dilated and poorly filling suggestive of near obstruction. Two other right
     hepatic duct segments noted to fill normally.
     
     
     
     
     
     

",,
14561,3151,,,3108-11-25 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**3108-11-25**] 7:32 AM
     CATH CHEK/REMV                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10482**]
     Reason: eval extent of stricture, may need to pull back tubes for be
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 60
     ********************************* CPT Codes ********************************
     * 47525 CHANGE PERC BILIARY DRAINAGE C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * 47525 CHANGE PERC BILIARY DRAINAGE C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      47505 CHALNAGIOGRAPHY VIA EXISTING C*
     * 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER -51 MULTI-PROCEDURE SAME DAY        *
     * 47505 CHALNAGIOGRAPHY VIA EXISTING C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      75984 CHANGE PERC TUBE OR CATH W/CON*
     * 75984 CHANGE PERC TUBE OR CATH W/CON -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE     *
     * 74305 TUBE CHOLANGIOGRAM             74305 TUBE CHOLANGIOGRAM            *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      CATHETER, DRAINAGE                  *
     * CATHETER, DRAINAGE                   C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF           *
     * C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER  C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER *
     ****************************************************************************
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      79 year old woman with malig biliary obstruct                                   
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      eval extent of stricture, may need to pull back tubes for best view             
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     
     
     PROCEDURE: Bilateral cholangiograms.
     
     RADIOLOGISTS: Drs. [**Last Name (STitle) 23**] and [**Name5 (PTitle) 510**] with Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 23**] the attending physician
     being present and supervising the entire procedure.
     
     INDICATIONS: 79-year-old woman with biliary obstruction due to adenocarcinoma
     status post bilateral biliary tubes place percutaneously. Request for
     cholangiogram for evaluation of extent of involvement of the biliary system.
     
     PROCEDURE AND FINDINGS: Ms. [**Known patient lastname 10483**] was taken to the angiography suite on
     [**3108-11-25**] where her abdomen was prepped and draped in standard sterile fashion.
     The left biliary tube was cut and [**Initials (NamePattern4) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) 528**] wire was advanced through the tube
     into the duodenum. The biliary tube was withdrawn and a 6 Fr bright-tip sheath
     was advanced over the wire into the left hepatic duct. Cholangiogram performed
     through the sheath demonstrated extensive involvement of the left hepatic duct
     from the confluence of the right and left hepatic ducts up to more than 2 cm
     into the left hepatic duct. There is filling only of one left hepatic duct
     branch. The sheath was then removed and a new 8 Fr biliary tube was advanced
     over the wire. The pigtail was formed in the duodenum and the [**Last Name (un) 528**] wire was
     removed. The left biliary tube was then secured after being pulled back into
     appropriate position with the sideholes in the left biliary system. Next the
     right biliary tube was cut and the [**Last Name (un) 528**] wire was advanced through the tube
     into the duodenum. The right tube was then withdrawn and a 6 Fr bright-tip
     sheath was advanced over the wire. Cholangiogram performed through the right
     hepatic sheath demonstrated extensive involvement of the right hepatic duct
     from the bifurcation up through the branch point of the right medial segment
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-25**] 7:32 AM
     CATH CHEK/REMV                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10482**]
     Reason: eval extent of stricture, may need to pull back tubes for be
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 60
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     duct. There is poor filling of this duct with significant dilatation
     suggestive of near obstruction. Two other branches of the right hepatic duct
     are noted to fill normally. The bright-tip sheath was then withdrawn and a new
     8 Fr biliary tube was advanced over the wire. The pigtail was formed in the
     duodenum and locked. The tube was then pulled back into appropriate position
     with sideholes in the right hepatic system. Both biliary drains were attached
     to bag drainage and secured with StatLocks. The patient tolerated the
     procedure well and there were no immediate postprocedure complications.
     
     IMPRESSION: Bilateral tube cholangiograms demonstrating extensive disease
     involvement of the right and left hepatic ducts from the confluence up through
     greater than 2 cm of each hepatic duct. The left hepatic duct demonstrates
     filling of only one duct branch. The medial segment of the right hepatic duct
     is dilated and poorly filling suggestive of near obstruction. Two other right
     hepatic duct segments noted to fill normally.
     
     
     
     
     
     

",,
14561,3151,,,3108-11-25 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**3108-11-25**] 7:32 AM
     CATH CHEK/REMV                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10482**]
     Reason: eval extent of stricture, may need to pull back tubes for be
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 60
     ********************************* CPT Codes ********************************
     * 47525 CHANGE PERC BILIARY DRAINAGE C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * 47525 CHANGE PERC BILIARY DRAINAGE C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      47505 CHALNAGIOGRAPHY VIA EXISTING C*
     * 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER -51 MULTI-PROCEDURE SAME DAY        *
     * 47505 CHALNAGIOGRAPHY VIA EXISTING C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      75984 CHANGE PERC TUBE OR CATH W/CON*
     * 75984 CHANGE PERC TUBE OR CATH W/CON -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE     *
     * 74305 TUBE CHOLANGIOGRAM             74305 TUBE CHOLANGIOGRAM            *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      CATHETER, DRAINAGE                  *
     * CATHETER, DRAINAGE                   C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF           *
     * C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER  C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER *
     ****************************************************************************
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      79 year old woman with malig biliary obstruct                                   
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      eval extent of stricture, may need to pull back tubes for best view             
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     
     
     PROCEDURE: Bilateral cholangiograms.
     
     RADIOLOGISTS: Drs. [**Last Name (STitle) 23**] and [**Name5 (PTitle) 510**] with Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 23**] the attending physician
     being present and supervising the entire procedure.
     
     INDICATIONS: 79-year-old woman with biliary obstruction due to adenocarcinoma
     status post bilateral biliary tubes place percutaneously. Request for
     cholangiogram for evaluation of extent of involvement of the biliary system.
     
     PROCEDURE AND FINDINGS: Ms. [**Known patient lastname 10483**] was taken to the angiography suite on
     [**3108-11-25**] where her abdomen was prepped and draped in standard sterile fashion.
     The left biliary tube was cut and [**Initials (NamePattern4) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) 528**] wire was advanced through the tube
     into the duodenum. The biliary tube was withdrawn and a 6 Fr bright-tip sheath
     was advanced over the wire into the left hepatic duct. Cholangiogram performed
     through the sheath demonstrated extensive involvement of the left hepatic duct
     from the confluence of the right and left hepatic ducts up to more than 2 cm
     into the left hepatic duct. There is filling only of one left hepatic duct
     branch. The sheath was then removed and a new 8 Fr biliary tube was advanced
     over the wire. The pigtail was formed in the duodenum and the [**Last Name (un) 528**] wire was
     removed. The left biliary tube was then secured after being pulled back into
     appropriate position with the sideholes in the left biliary system. Next the
     right biliary tube was cut and the [**Last Name (un) 528**] wire was advanced through the tube
     into the duodenum. The right tube was then withdrawn and a 6 Fr bright-tip
     sheath was advanced over the wire. Cholangiogram performed through the right
     hepatic sheath demonstrated extensive involvement of the right hepatic duct
     from the bifurcation up through the branch point of the right medial segment
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-25**] 7:32 AM
     CATH CHEK/REMV                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10482**]
     Reason: eval extent of stricture, may need to pull back tubes for be
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 60
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     duct. There is poor filling of this duct with significant dilatation
     suggestive of near obstruction. Two other branches of the right hepatic duct
     are noted to fill normally. The bright-tip sheath was then withdrawn and a new
     8 Fr biliary tube was advanced over the wire. The pigtail was formed in the
     duodenum and locked. The tube was then pulled back into appropriate position
     with sideholes in the right hepatic system. Both biliary drains were attached
     to bag drainage and secured with StatLocks. The patient tolerated the
     procedure well and there were no immediate postprocedure complications.
     
     IMPRESSION: Bilateral tube cholangiograms demonstrating extensive disease
     involvement of the right and left hepatic ducts from the confluence up through
     greater than 2 cm of each hepatic duct. The left hepatic duct demonstrates
     filling of only one duct branch. The medial segment of the right hepatic duct
     is dilated and poorly filling suggestive of near obstruction. Two other right
     hepatic duct segments noted to fill normally.
     
     
     
     
     
     

",,
14561,3151,,,3108-11-25 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**3108-11-25**] 7:32 AM
     CATH CHEK/REMV                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10482**]
     Reason: eval extent of stricture, may need to pull back tubes for be
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 60
     ********************************* CPT Codes ********************************
     * 47525 CHANGE PERC BILIARY DRAINAGE C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * 47525 CHANGE PERC BILIARY DRAINAGE C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      47505 CHALNAGIOGRAPHY VIA EXISTING C*
     * 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER -51 MULTI-PROCEDURE SAME DAY        *
     * 47505 CHALNAGIOGRAPHY VIA EXISTING C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      75984 CHANGE PERC TUBE OR CATH W/CON*
     * 75984 CHANGE PERC TUBE OR CATH W/CON -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE     *
     * 74305 TUBE CHOLANGIOGRAM             74305 TUBE CHOLANGIOGRAM            *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      CATHETER, DRAINAGE                  *
     * CATHETER, DRAINAGE                   C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF           *
     * C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER  C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER *
     ****************************************************************************
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      79 year old woman with malig biliary obstruct                                   
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      eval extent of stricture, may need to pull back tubes for best view             
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     
     
     PROCEDURE: Bilateral cholangiograms.
     
     RADIOLOGISTS: Drs. [**Last Name (STitle) 23**] and [**Name5 (PTitle) 510**] with Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 23**] the attending physician
     being present and supervising the entire procedure.
     
     INDICATIONS: 79-year-old woman with biliary obstruction due to adenocarcinoma
     status post bilateral biliary tubes place percutaneously. Request for
     cholangiogram for evaluation of extent of involvement of the biliary system.
     
     PROCEDURE AND FINDINGS: Ms. [**Known patient lastname 10483**] was taken to the angiography suite on
     [**3108-11-25**] where her abdomen was prepped and draped in standard sterile fashion.
     The left biliary tube was cut and [**Initials (NamePattern4) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) 528**] wire was advanced through the tube
     into the duodenum. The biliary tube was withdrawn and a 6 Fr bright-tip sheath
     was advanced over the wire into the left hepatic duct. Cholangiogram performed
     through the sheath demonstrated extensive involvement of the left hepatic duct
     from the confluence of the right and left hepatic ducts up to more than 2 cm
     into the left hepatic duct. There is filling only of one left hepatic duct
     branch. The sheath was then removed and a new 8 Fr biliary tube was advanced
     over the wire. The pigtail was formed in the duodenum and the [**Last Name (un) 528**] wire was
     removed. The left biliary tube was then secured after being pulled back into
     appropriate position with the sideholes in the left biliary system. Next the
     right biliary tube was cut and the [**Last Name (un) 528**] wire was advanced through the tube
     into the duodenum. The right tube was then withdrawn and a 6 Fr bright-tip
     sheath was advanced over the wire. Cholangiogram performed through the right
     hepatic sheath demonstrated extensive involvement of the right hepatic duct
     from the bifurcation up through the branch point of the right medial segment
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-25**] 7:32 AM
     CATH CHEK/REMV                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10482**]
     Reason: eval extent of stricture, may need to pull back tubes for be
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 60
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     duct. There is poor filling of this duct with significant dilatation
     suggestive of near obstruction. Two other branches of the right hepatic duct
     are noted to fill normally. The bright-tip sheath was then withdrawn and a new
     8 Fr biliary tube was advanced over the wire. The pigtail was formed in the
     duodenum and locked. The tube was then pulled back into appropriate position
     with sideholes in the right hepatic system. Both biliary drains were attached
     to bag drainage and secured with StatLocks. The patient tolerated the
     procedure well and there were no immediate postprocedure complications.
     
     IMPRESSION: Bilateral tube cholangiograms demonstrating extensive disease
     involvement of the right and left hepatic ducts from the confluence up through
     greater than 2 cm of each hepatic duct. The left hepatic duct demonstrates
     filling of only one duct branch. The medial segment of the right hepatic duct
     is dilated and poorly filling suggestive of near obstruction. Two other right
     hepatic duct segments noted to fill normally.
     
     
     
     
     
     

",,
14561,3151,,,3108-11-25 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**3108-11-25**] 7:32 AM
     CATH CHEK/REMV                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10482**]
     Reason: eval extent of stricture, may need to pull back tubes for be
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 60
     ********************************* CPT Codes ********************************
     * 47525 CHANGE PERC BILIARY DRAINAGE C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * 47525 CHANGE PERC BILIARY DRAINAGE C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      47505 CHALNAGIOGRAPHY VIA EXISTING C*
     * 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER -51 MULTI-PROCEDURE SAME DAY        *
     * 47505 CHALNAGIOGRAPHY VIA EXISTING C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      75984 CHANGE PERC TUBE OR CATH W/CON*
     * 75984 CHANGE PERC TUBE OR CATH W/CON -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE     *
     * 74305 TUBE CHOLANGIOGRAM             74305 TUBE CHOLANGIOGRAM            *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      CATHETER, DRAINAGE                  *
     * CATHETER, DRAINAGE                   C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF           *
     * C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER  C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER *
     ****************************************************************************
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      79 year old woman with malig biliary obstruct                                   
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      eval extent of stricture, may need to pull back tubes for best view             
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     
     
     PROCEDURE: Bilateral cholangiograms.
     
     RADIOLOGISTS: Drs. [**Last Name (STitle) 23**] and [**Name5 (PTitle) 510**] with Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 23**] the attending physician
     being present and supervising the entire procedure.
     
     INDICATIONS: 79-year-old woman with biliary obstruction due to adenocarcinoma
     status post bilateral biliary tubes place percutaneously. Request for
     cholangiogram for evaluation of extent of involvement of the biliary system.
     
     PROCEDURE AND FINDINGS: Ms. [**Known patient lastname 10483**] was taken to the angiography suite on
     [**3108-11-25**] where her abdomen was prepped and draped in standard sterile fashion.
     The left biliary tube was cut and [**Initials (NamePattern4) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) 528**] wire was advanced through the tube
     into the duodenum. The biliary tube was withdrawn and a 6 Fr bright-tip sheath
     was advanced over the wire into the left hepatic duct. Cholangiogram performed
     through the sheath demonstrated extensive involvement of the left hepatic duct
     from the confluence of the right and left hepatic ducts up to more than 2 cm
     into the left hepatic duct. There is filling only of one left hepatic duct
     branch. The sheath was then removed and a new 8 Fr biliary tube was advanced
     over the wire. The pigtail was formed in the duodenum and the [**Last Name (un) 528**] wire was
     removed. The left biliary tube was then secured after being pulled back into
     appropriate position with the sideholes in the left biliary system. Next the
     right biliary tube was cut and the [**Last Name (un) 528**] wire was advanced through the tube
     into the duodenum. The right tube was then withdrawn and a 6 Fr bright-tip
     sheath was advanced over the wire. Cholangiogram performed through the right
     hepatic sheath demonstrated extensive involvement of the right hepatic duct
     from the bifurcation up through the branch point of the right medial segment
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-25**] 7:32 AM
     CATH CHEK/REMV                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10482**]
     Reason: eval extent of stricture, may need to pull back tubes for be
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 60
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     duct. There is poor filling of this duct with significant dilatation
     suggestive of near obstruction. Two other branches of the right hepatic duct
     are noted to fill normally. The bright-tip sheath was then withdrawn and a new
     8 Fr biliary tube was advanced over the wire. The pigtail was formed in the
     duodenum and locked. The tube was then pulled back into appropriate position
     with sideholes in the right hepatic system. Both biliary drains were attached
     to bag drainage and secured with StatLocks. The patient tolerated the
     procedure well and there were no immediate postprocedure complications.
     
     IMPRESSION: Bilateral tube cholangiograms demonstrating extensive disease
     involvement of the right and left hepatic ducts from the confluence up through
     greater than 2 cm of each hepatic duct. The left hepatic duct demonstrates
     filling of only one duct branch. The medial segment of the right hepatic duct
     is dilated and poorly filling suggestive of near obstruction. Two other right
     hepatic duct segments noted to fill normally.
     
     
     
     
     
     

",,
14561,3151,,,3108-11-25 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**3108-11-25**] 7:32 AM
     CATH CHEK/REMV                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10482**]
     Reason: eval extent of stricture, may need to pull back tubes for be
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 60
     ********************************* CPT Codes ********************************
     * 47525 CHANGE PERC BILIARY DRAINAGE C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * 47525 CHANGE PERC BILIARY DRAINAGE C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      47505 CHALNAGIOGRAPHY VIA EXISTING C*
     * 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER -51 MULTI-PROCEDURE SAME DAY        *
     * 47505 CHALNAGIOGRAPHY VIA EXISTING C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      75984 CHANGE PERC TUBE OR CATH W/CON*
     * 75984 CHANGE PERC TUBE OR CATH W/CON -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE     *
     * 74305 TUBE CHOLANGIOGRAM             74305 TUBE CHOLANGIOGRAM            *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      CATHETER, DRAINAGE                  *
     * CATHETER, DRAINAGE                   C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF           *
     * C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER  C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER *
     ****************************************************************************
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      79 year old woman with malig biliary obstruct                                   
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      eval extent of stricture, may need to pull back tubes for best view             
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     
     
     PROCEDURE: Bilateral cholangiograms.
     
     RADIOLOGISTS: Drs. [**Last Name (STitle) 23**] and [**Name5 (PTitle) 510**] with Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 23**] the attending physician
     being present and supervising the entire procedure.
     
     INDICATIONS: 79-year-old woman with biliary obstruction due to adenocarcinoma
     status post bilateral biliary tubes place percutaneously. Request for
     cholangiogram for evaluation of extent of involvement of the biliary system.
     
     PROCEDURE AND FINDINGS: Ms. [**Known patient lastname 10483**] was taken to the angiography suite on
     [**3108-11-25**] where her abdomen was prepped and draped in standard sterile fashion.
     The left biliary tube was cut and [**Initials (NamePattern4) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) 528**] wire was advanced through the tube
     into the duodenum. The biliary tube was withdrawn and a 6 Fr bright-tip sheath
     was advanced over the wire into the left hepatic duct. Cholangiogram performed
     through the sheath demonstrated extensive involvement of the left hepatic duct
     from the confluence of the right and left hepatic ducts up to more than 2 cm
     into the left hepatic duct. There is filling only of one left hepatic duct
     branch. The sheath was then removed and a new 8 Fr biliary tube was advanced
     over the wire. The pigtail was formed in the duodenum and the [**Last Name (un) 528**] wire was
     removed. The left biliary tube was then secured after being pulled back into
     appropriate position with the sideholes in the left biliary system. Next the
     right biliary tube was cut and the [**Last Name (un) 528**] wire was advanced through the tube
     into the duodenum. The right tube was then withdrawn and a 6 Fr bright-tip
     sheath was advanced over the wire. Cholangiogram performed through the right
     hepatic sheath demonstrated extensive involvement of the right hepatic duct
     from the bifurcation up through the branch point of the right medial segment
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-25**] 7:32 AM
     CATH CHEK/REMV                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10482**]
     Reason: eval extent of stricture, may need to pull back tubes for be
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 60
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     duct. There is poor filling of this duct with significant dilatation
     suggestive of near obstruction. Two other branches of the right hepatic duct
     are noted to fill normally. The bright-tip sheath was then withdrawn and a new
     8 Fr biliary tube was advanced over the wire. The pigtail was formed in the
     duodenum and locked. The tube was then pulled back into appropriate position
     with sideholes in the right hepatic system. Both biliary drains were attached
     to bag drainage and secured with StatLocks. The patient tolerated the
     procedure well and there were no immediate postprocedure complications.
     
     IMPRESSION: Bilateral tube cholangiograms demonstrating extensive disease
     involvement of the right and left hepatic ducts from the confluence up through
     greater than 2 cm of each hepatic duct. The left hepatic duct demonstrates
     filling of only one duct branch. The medial segment of the right hepatic duct
     is dilated and poorly filling suggestive of near obstruction. Two other right
     hepatic duct segments noted to fill normally.
     
     
     
     
     
     

",,
14561,3151,,,3108-11-25 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**3108-11-25**] 7:32 AM
     CATH CHEK/REMV                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10482**]
     Reason: eval extent of stricture, may need to pull back tubes for be
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 60
     ********************************* CPT Codes ********************************
     * 47525 CHANGE PERC BILIARY DRAINAGE C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * 47525 CHANGE PERC BILIARY DRAINAGE C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      47505 CHALNAGIOGRAPHY VIA EXISTING C*
     * 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER -51 MULTI-PROCEDURE SAME DAY        *
     * 47505 CHALNAGIOGRAPHY VIA EXISTING C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      75984 CHANGE PERC TUBE OR CATH W/CON*
     * 75984 CHANGE PERC TUBE OR CATH W/CON -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE     *
     * 74305 TUBE CHOLANGIOGRAM             74305 TUBE CHOLANGIOGRAM            *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      CATHETER, DRAINAGE                  *
     * CATHETER, DRAINAGE                   C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF           *
     * C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER  C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER *
     ****************************************************************************
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      79 year old woman with malig biliary obstruct                                   
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      eval extent of stricture, may need to pull back tubes for best view             
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     
     
     PROCEDURE: Bilateral cholangiograms.
     
     RADIOLOGISTS: Drs. [**Last Name (STitle) 23**] and [**Name5 (PTitle) 510**] with Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 23**] the attending physician
     being present and supervising the entire procedure.
     
     INDICATIONS: 79-year-old woman with biliary obstruction due to adenocarcinoma
     status post bilateral biliary tubes place percutaneously. Request for
     cholangiogram for evaluation of extent of involvement of the biliary system.
     
     PROCEDURE AND FINDINGS: Ms. [**Known patient lastname 10483**] was taken to the angiography suite on
     [**3108-11-25**] where her abdomen was prepped and draped in standard sterile fashion.
     The left biliary tube was cut and [**Initials (NamePattern4) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) 528**] wire was advanced through the tube
     into the duodenum. The biliary tube was withdrawn and a 6 Fr bright-tip sheath
     was advanced over the wire into the left hepatic duct. Cholangiogram performed
     through the sheath demonstrated extensive involvement of the left hepatic duct
     from the confluence of the right and left hepatic ducts up to more than 2 cm
     into the left hepatic duct. There is filling only of one left hepatic duct
     branch. The sheath was then removed and a new 8 Fr biliary tube was advanced
     over the wire. The pigtail was formed in the duodenum and the [**Last Name (un) 528**] wire was
     removed. The left biliary tube was then secured after being pulled back into
     appropriate position with the sideholes in the left biliary system. Next the
     right biliary tube was cut and the [**Last Name (un) 528**] wire was advanced through the tube
     into the duodenum. The right tube was then withdrawn and a 6 Fr bright-tip
     sheath was advanced over the wire. Cholangiogram performed through the right
     hepatic sheath demonstrated extensive involvement of the right hepatic duct
     from the bifurcation up through the branch point of the right medial segment
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-25**] 7:32 AM
     CATH CHEK/REMV                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10482**]
     Reason: eval extent of stricture, may need to pull back tubes for be
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 60
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     duct. There is poor filling of this duct with significant dilatation
     suggestive of near obstruction. Two other branches of the right hepatic duct
     are noted to fill normally. The bright-tip sheath was then withdrawn and a new
     8 Fr biliary tube was advanced over the wire. The pigtail was formed in the
     duodenum and locked. The tube was then pulled back into appropriate position
     with sideholes in the right hepatic system. Both biliary drains were attached
     to bag drainage and secured with StatLocks. The patient tolerated the
     procedure well and there were no immediate postprocedure complications.
     
     IMPRESSION: Bilateral tube cholangiograms demonstrating extensive disease
     involvement of the right and left hepatic ducts from the confluence up through
     greater than 2 cm of each hepatic duct. The left hepatic duct demonstrates
     filling of only one duct branch. The medial segment of the right hepatic duct
     is dilated and poorly filling suggestive of near obstruction. Two other right
     hepatic duct segments noted to fill normally.
     
     
     
     
     
     

",,
14561,3151,,,3108-11-25 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**3108-11-25**] 7:32 AM
     CATH CHEK/REMV                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10482**]
     Reason: eval extent of stricture, may need to pull back tubes for be
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 60
     ********************************* CPT Codes ********************************
     * 47525 CHANGE PERC BILIARY DRAINAGE C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * 47525 CHANGE PERC BILIARY DRAINAGE C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      47505 CHALNAGIOGRAPHY VIA EXISTING C*
     * 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER -51 MULTI-PROCEDURE SAME DAY        *
     * 47505 CHALNAGIOGRAPHY VIA EXISTING C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      75984 CHANGE PERC TUBE OR CATH W/CON*
     * 75984 CHANGE PERC TUBE OR CATH W/CON -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE     *
     * 74305 TUBE CHOLANGIOGRAM             74305 TUBE CHOLANGIOGRAM            *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      CATHETER, DRAINAGE                  *
     * CATHETER, DRAINAGE                   C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF           *
     * C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER  C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER *
     ****************************************************************************
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      79 year old woman with malig biliary obstruct                                   
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      eval extent of stricture, may need to pull back tubes for best view             
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     
     
     PROCEDURE: Bilateral cholangiograms.
     
     RADIOLOGISTS: Drs. [**Last Name (STitle) 23**] and [**Name5 (PTitle) 510**] with Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 23**] the attending physician
     being present and supervising the entire procedure.
     
     INDICATIONS: 79-year-old woman with biliary obstruction due to adenocarcinoma
     status post bilateral biliary tubes place percutaneously. Request for
     cholangiogram for evaluation of extent of involvement of the biliary system.
     
     PROCEDURE AND FINDINGS: Ms. [**Known patient lastname 10483**] was taken to the angiography suite on
     [**3108-11-25**] where her abdomen was prepped and draped in standard sterile fashion.
     The left biliary tube was cut and [**Initials (NamePattern4) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) 528**] wire was advanced through the tube
     into the duodenum. The biliary tube was withdrawn and a 6 Fr bright-tip sheath
     was advanced over the wire into the left hepatic duct. Cholangiogram performed
     through the sheath demonstrated extensive involvement of the left hepatic duct
     from the confluence of the right and left hepatic ducts up to more than 2 cm
     into the left hepatic duct. There is filling only of one left hepatic duct
     branch. The sheath was then removed and a new 8 Fr biliary tube was advanced
     over the wire. The pigtail was formed in the duodenum and the [**Last Name (un) 528**] wire was
     removed. The left biliary tube was then secured after being pulled back into
     appropriate position with the sideholes in the left biliary system. Next the
     right biliary tube was cut and the [**Last Name (un) 528**] wire was advanced through the tube
     into the duodenum. The right tube was then withdrawn and a 6 Fr bright-tip
     sheath was advanced over the wire. Cholangiogram performed through the right
     hepatic sheath demonstrated extensive involvement of the right hepatic duct
     from the bifurcation up through the branch point of the right medial segment
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-25**] 7:32 AM
     CATH CHEK/REMV                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10482**]
     Reason: eval extent of stricture, may need to pull back tubes for be
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 60
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     duct. There is poor filling of this duct with significant dilatation
     suggestive of near obstruction. Two other branches of the right hepatic duct
     are noted to fill normally. The bright-tip sheath was then withdrawn and a new
     8 Fr biliary tube was advanced over the wire. The pigtail was formed in the
     duodenum and locked. The tube was then pulled back into appropriate position
     with sideholes in the right hepatic system. Both biliary drains were attached
     to bag drainage and secured with StatLocks. The patient tolerated the
     procedure well and there were no immediate postprocedure complications.
     
     IMPRESSION: Bilateral tube cholangiograms demonstrating extensive disease
     involvement of the right and left hepatic ducts from the confluence up through
     greater than 2 cm of each hepatic duct. The left hepatic duct demonstrates
     filling of only one duct branch. The medial segment of the right hepatic duct
     is dilated and poorly filling suggestive of near obstruction. Two other right
     hepatic duct segments noted to fill normally.
     
     
     
     
     
     

",,
14561,3151,,,3108-11-25 00:00:00 EST,,,,,"RADIOLOGY_REPORT",,"


     DATE: [**3108-11-25**] 7:32 AM
     CATH CHEK/REMV                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10482**]
     Reason: eval extent of stricture, may need to pull back tubes for be
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 60
     ********************************* CPT Codes ********************************
     * 47525 CHANGE PERC BILIARY DRAINAGE C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * 47525 CHANGE PERC BILIARY DRAINAGE C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      47505 CHALNAGIOGRAPHY VIA EXISTING C*
     * 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER -51 MULTI-PROCEDURE SAME DAY        *
     * 47505 CHALNAGIOGRAPHY VIA EXISTING C 78 RELATED PROCEDURE DURING POSTOPER*
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      75984 CHANGE PERC TUBE OR CATH W/CON*
     * 75984 CHANGE PERC TUBE OR CATH W/CON -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE     *
     * 74305 TUBE CHOLANGIOGRAM             74305 TUBE CHOLANGIOGRAM            *
     * -59 DISTINCT PROCEDURAL SERVICE      CATHETER, DRAINAGE                  *
     * CATHETER, DRAINAGE                   C1769 GUID WIRES INCL INF           *
     * C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER  C1894 INT.SHTH NOT/GUID,EP,NONLASER *
     ****************************************************************************
     ______________________________________________________________________________
     UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
      79 year old woman with malig biliary obstruct                                   
     REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
      eval extent of stricture, may need to pull back tubes for best view             
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     
     
     PROCEDURE: Bilateral cholangiograms.
     
     RADIOLOGISTS: Drs. [**Last Name (STitle) 23**] and [**Name5 (PTitle) 510**] with Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 23**] the attending physician
     being present and supervising the entire procedure.
     
     INDICATIONS: 79-year-old woman with biliary obstruction due to adenocarcinoma
     status post bilateral biliary tubes place percutaneously. Request for
     cholangiogram for evaluation of extent of involvement of the biliary system.
     
     PROCEDURE AND FINDINGS: Ms. [**Known patient lastname 10483**] was taken to the angiography suite on
     [**3108-11-25**] where her abdomen was prepped and draped in standard sterile fashion.
     The left biliary tube was cut and [**Initials (NamePattern4) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) 528**] wire was advanced through the tube
     into the duodenum. The biliary tube was withdrawn and a 6 Fr bright-tip sheath
     was advanced over the wire into the left hepatic duct. Cholangiogram performed
     through the sheath demonstrated extensive involvement of the left hepatic duct
     from the confluence of the right and left hepatic ducts up to more than 2 cm
     into the left hepatic duct. There is filling only of one left hepatic duct
     branch. The sheath was then removed and a new 8 Fr biliary tube was advanced
     over the wire. The pigtail was formed in the duodenum and the [**Last Name (un) 528**] wire was
     removed. The left biliary tube was then secured after being pulled back into
     appropriate position with the sideholes in the left biliary system. Next the
     right biliary tube was cut and the [**Last Name (un) 528**] wire was advanced through the tube
     into the duodenum. The right tube was then withdrawn and a 6 Fr bright-tip
     sheath was advanced over the wire. Cholangiogram performed through the right
     hepatic sheath demonstrated extensive involvement of the right hepatic duct
     from the bifurcation up through the branch point of the right medial segment
                                                                 (Over)

     DATE: [**3108-11-25**] 7:32 AM
     CATH CHEK/REMV                                                  Clip # [**Clip Number (Radiology) 10482**]
     Reason: eval extent of stricture, may need to pull back tubes for be
     Admitting Diagnosis: CHOLANGIO CANCER
      Contrast: CONRAY Amt: 60
     ______________________________________________________________________________
                                     FINAL REPORT
     (Cont)
     duct. There is poor filling of this duct with significant dilatation
     suggestive of near obstruction. Two other branches of the right hepatic duct
     are noted to fill normally. The bright-tip sheath was then withdrawn and a new
     8 Fr biliary tube was advanced over the wire. The pigtail was formed in the
     duodenum and locked. The tube was then pulled back into appropriate position
     with sideholes in the right hepatic system. Both biliary drains were attached
     to bag drainage and secured with StatLocks. The patient tolerated the
     procedure well and there were no immediate postprocedure complications.
     
     IMPRESSION: Bilateral tube cholangiograms demonstrating extensive disease
     involvement of the right and left hepatic ducts from the confluence up through
     greater than 2 cm of each hepatic duct. The left hepatic duct demonstrates
     filling of only one duct branch. The medial segment of the right hepatic duct
     is dilated and poorly filling suggestive of near obstruction. Two other right
     hepatic duct segments noted to fill normally.
     
     
     
     
     
     

",,
